0mkarr	Mobile Enthusiast / Senior Editor at Techie-Buzz.com / Foodie / Movie Buff / Android, Steve Jobs, Hrithik, Lost &amp; Dexter Fan ;)1000museums	Your passport to museums around the world1027kiisfm	11carhun08	Carhunt11081charlesh	1oomiles	2007_s2	:]206andrew	_226730874335	247modernmom	2b_fit	2fafou	Half-Mexican, half-Greek actor/bartender living in the Big Apple. Just chasing a dream. These are my adventures...2thetopdesign	30minutesorless	Follow us and check in on foursquare to unlock the 30 Minutes or Less Badge. You can check in to banks, pizza parlors and movie theaters to get the badge.3four1	42at42	4raam4	4sqaddictinfo	We love foursquare.4sqatl	4sqcities	4sqlovestory	4sqmobile	67mele	6micfilms	702webdesign	Affordable Website Design Call 702-490-0775 - Price: Quotes Provided 702 Web Design is a local website development company headquartered in Las Vegas Nevada. We have delivered custom web content for over 5 years .7thheavenclub	Non-Stop entertainers 7 days a week in a cool, casual, friendly atmosphere.  It's Cheers with strippers!7thlist	7th.List - covers, analyzes, comments on, and defines the news, culture, entertainment, lifestyle, fashion, and personalities that drive New York City.808shine	8bitkid	99_100thmonkeys	Using social media 2 promote aquaponics &amp; sustainable food growing; just filed a patent application for a game. Find me @ http://t.co/tmVZHJJkBIaabrahamsson	aaronaccetta	aaronlutze	aashvini	abbiesanderson	abc	ABC News + Foursquare: See The Whole Picture. Follow us on Foursquare, check in, and get tips from the global resources of ABC News.abehrou	abestanway	aboutfoursquare	abouthotels	abovethestatic	New media and content marketing pen for hire. Music obsessive. Coffee, curry &amp; craft beer taster. More: http://about.me/stebirkett. @AboveTheStatic on Twittera_buchanan	http://theaudrey.tumblr.comacademik	acburger	acousticschwagg	acraigpfeifer	activ8social	actressdanielle	Actress/Model http://www.facebook.com/Danielle.M.Andrade http://www.imdb.me/danielleandradea_cuban_beast	adamdlambert	Friend me on Facebook.  WWW.Facebook.com/adamdlambert, Whattsapp 3473045179, Path, Twitter @adamdlambert, Google+, Instagram, Yelp, Pintrest orTumblradamgranak	adamhr	adamostrow	adam_slover	adamsmm28	adamstorr	Product Designer at Palantiradam_taylor	adcunningham	a_devane	admagazine_eic	admiralchristy	admrich	adnys	adobesxsw	Adobe fans, are you ready for more enjoyment during South by Southwest? We've compiled a list of some of our favorite Foursquare Austin venues.adoptintx	adria_betalab	Perfil Orkut: http://www.orkut.com.br/Main#Profile?uid=13819796947713317840 Quero ser betaaa#adrianfrg	adrianhummel	adriarichards	adrienmaxx	adriennenhester	Amateur blogger at adriennehester.com, strategic marketer at 2girlsconsulting.com and lover of food and wine simply sharing my life one site at a time.adriftnz	aeer69	🍃 Life is a beach 🐚    Instagram • kaptenaeer  Twitter • aeer69afpa1	africandancer	afridaythoughts	afterdarkdev	agentjirius	agftmw	agirlnameddylan	agnewfarms	agoldfisher	I check in a lot. I work as a journalist  covering VC. I also run, am a vegan, I LOVE espresso and beer, and I have a beagle, a cat and two sinsahauptman	ahochoy	ah_ree	aidsgov	We're a gateway to all domestic U.S. government HIV &amp; AIDS testing, treatment, &amp; research information!airparktm	We're a fun, friendly club located near the Scottsdale Airpark airport. We meet Thursdays, noon-115 p.m. Come visit!airshopgun	AirShop-Gun se consacrent à vous apporter des produits de qualité, ce sont des produits pour l’ airsoft .  Airshop-gun e-commerce 100% en ligneaisha_al_majali	ajc3	ajcenac	ajioh_shoshukan	ajturner	Neogeographer and purveyor of personal cartography.ajwerner	akaashsaini	akadk69	"what we resist, persists"akifmalik	akintheatl	akiramorikawa	https://www.facebook.com/aKiraZenLove https://about.me/akiramorikawa https://www.empire.kred/AKIRAMORIKAWakoni75	aktivioslo	Nettstedet for folk i Oslo og Akershus med titusenvis av tips om aktiviteter og opplevelser av alle slag.alainarivas	Director of Sourcing Services - I help businesses find the best talent with the latest in recruitment strategy, talent attraction methods and technology.alanajoy	alanmramos	alannyc	alanvilar	Acadêmico de Medicina Veterinária, sou beta,albertwenger	VC at Union Square Ventures._aldickson	alejandrahill	alen_daniel	De #Chillan Leguleyo #UdeC, voluntario de @Juvenil_Iguales, trabajador y en este minuto feliz por la vidaalexandrapool	alex_baburin	alex_elite	alexeygorin	alexgarcia	Global Director of Social at Deloitte Digital. Lover of music, film, tv, drinking &amp; all things existential. #LGBTalexisohanian	Startup guy: @reddit, @breadpig, @thehipmunk with the aim of making the world suck less. @YCombinator ambassador, investor, and soon-to-be author!alexissunshine	alexjamesfitz	Homepage Director at TIMEalexorlando	alexpaulski	alexredmond	We have most likely met before.alex_segura	alfajunes	alfredlam	alfredotanjr	aliciadoeshair	I'm a freelance Hairdresser/Make up Artist. Specializing in Hair Color, Brazilian Blowout, Hair Extension, Hair Cuts &amp; Blow Outs/Styles. ColorCutTeaseMe.comaliciakeys	Passionate about my work, in love with my family and dedicated to spreading light. It's contagious! ;-)aliciasbusymind	Think big. Dream bigger.aliciasf	alie_webb	alihatfield	alisa__mir	alisnailnews	alisonpilsner	alistdfw	alizachana	allaboutblake	allaroundapps	alliemo88	allihagendorf	Music Journalist &amp; Fitness Fan w a Foodie Problem: Official Host @TimesSquareNYC NewYearsEve. Host of @CW_Network #TheNEXT, @FuseTV, @SiriusXM  #WomanVersusFoodallimooney	allistercarlos	allpeim	allthingskate	alluneednorway	almostveggiedal	www.almostveggies.comaloft_hotels	alohabruce	alphasigs	To Better the Man, through the creation and perpetuation of Brotherhood founded upon the virtues of character…Silence, Purity, Charity, Honor, Patriotism.alvarezjulian	alyandajfanatic	alyxandrajoy	amalucky	amazingemerie	ambassadorbruny	Conference Networking Speaker and Consultant. I help people and companies walk into conference and get greeted like Norm from "Cheers."ambde	Award winning Blogger, Vlogger, Social Media Strategist and Podcast Host for AAU Global Production Media Group - #DelawareBlogger @DelBloggeramberellen_	ambershaputis	amberweinberg	ambi_bambi	amblerpatch	The editor of Ambler and Upper Dublin Patches, covering local news in Ambler, Lower Gwynedd, Whitpain, and Upper Dublin.ameemaahmed	amezini	amnesty	Follow us on foursquare to discover places connected to the human rights and social justice movements in the US.amodeh	amsd22	amy725	amyacenolan	Artist, poker player texas hold em, loves cold weather ,sharks ,hot airballons , fireworks and tornadosamyeburton	amykocur	amyvernon	anaees	don't boss meanalyticus	My entire Social Media presence at http://society3.com/Cees-Grootesanandwrites	anastasiabaker	anastasiany	ancientpeaks	We are a family-owned winery specializing in wines from our estate Margarita Vineyard in Paso Robles.anda_jd	Twitter: @anda_jd Instagram: thejbpjdandee_walker	FIDM studentandreadilieto	andreahong	andreandersson	andreastrejo	Managing Broker 🏙️ Chicago Association of REALTORS® Wife • Furry Son Bruno • Fam • Food • Real Estate • Cigars • Cars • Live • Laugh • Love • ❤andresagueiros	Sobre mim ? αh, depende .. você prefere os fαtos ou boαtos ?  PALMEIRAAS (L)andrew__arias	andrewgrill	andrew_milne	andrewphelps	andrewsabat	andrewsmith1443	Social Media Marketing Manager @MeridianHMC, love social media, marketing, technology, bourbon, wine, Brit, Baltimoreandrewvest	andrezapinkamor	andykaufman	andyperez	anetworking	angelaecarder	angelawoody	angelineoentari	DO(n't)  (qu)IT ✌👍💪angelmccrea	angularism	anilawhitney	#Mortgage Lender with years of experience. Knowledgeable, ethical and always get the job done...and done well! Connect with me on LinkedIn...anildash	https://anildash.comannabassham	annabloom	annabridget	anna_fitz	annaobrien	annapizarro	annavicc	annev6	anniemal	ansonf	Father, husband, son, brother. Love it all!anthonyshelley	Social media manager who is passionate about technology, cooking, vlogging, human rights, research and music. Currently getting re-educated. Go pro.antibride	antimatterbones	antnys	antoniobrasko	antoniocdsmith	anytimefitness	1 Membership = Thousands of 24/7 Gymsaoltravel	aorshan	apacheman	apertivo	apeyd416	apgwoz	aplusk	april_in_wa	aprilknunchucks	aprilsullivan	archana	aria072	arianasor	arielcoro	Ariel Coro, Technology Expert and author of El Salto / Experto en tecnología y autor de El Salto.arielleeuringer	arielraks	arifuchs	arizinhoo	arjalali	armainiac	armano	arnoldvsabben	Obsessed with Design &amp; Mobility. Did a MSc. research on Foursquare: 'Exploring the effects of 4sq on ordering the world we live in' | 4sq SU 3aroundphilly	Aroundphilly.com is Philadelphia-based blog covering news, style, entertainment, music and food. We employ feet-on-the-ground reporting and serve as a two-way conduit for which the people of Philadelphia can access otherwise under-addressed topics. Follow us on Foursquare for our editors' tips on where to go and what to do.arsie	artinfo	artocalypse	artofflight	artworkshop	Ms. Schmalz received her formal art education from the prestigious  New York School Of Visual Arts. She also studied at the Atlanta College of Art (now SCAD)arylist	ashlanddesantos	ashleyjorn	ashleykmayo	ashleylaurend	I love exploring new places! Follow my adventures: www.ashleylaurendickinson.com  Instagram- @ashleylaurendickinson Twitter- @ashleylaurendashlietsurusaki	ashlimichelle	ash_nicholson	#Creative #Maven | #EventPlanner #Marketing #SocialMedia  #Web #Graphics #Art #Fashion #Music #Technology #OhioU #Nashville #CancerWarrior follow @ash_nicholsonashong	ashsmeltzer	ash_strick	askmen	aspendecker	I drink blog juice in the morning &amp; eat tweets all day long! Born with an iPhone in my hand &amp; sometimes I make videos. BTW I work at a charity &amp; love what I do!astinajerov	astron8	asu	Arizona State University is one of the most innovative universities around, and that translates to an active social media presence. Follow us on foursquare to find your friends, learn more about our four metro Phoenix campuses and unlock specials and badges!  Connect to us through Facebook, Twitter &amp; Youtube, too, at socialmedia.asu.edu.atalexbooth	atastefortea	athleticshare	Unlimited Health &amp; Wellness Services from the nations largest network for less than $17 a month... Athletic Share LLC will pays for all expenses and fees...atlimbo	atorrez	atransformer	atrapalo	att	audi	Follow us to unlock the greatest drives in America, insider tips from the USSA ski team, and discover the very best, Audi-approved venues across the world!auginbethany	aureliagroup	#Queen of ♣ :: #Music, #Lifestyle #PR, #Marketing &amp; #Sponsorship for the best of the best! ♫•*¨*•.¸¸♪ #NYC #MIA #DC #LA #UK · http://www.aureliagroup.comaussiebum	austin360hot	https://apply.phoneswipe.com/?source=6461.6austingrandprix	Follow our tips on Foursquare for easy navigation of our favorite spots in Austin, Texas!  Want to know where we like to hang out? Check out our tips and follow our lists organized by venue and destination type listed below.  *Note: The businesses/destinations are being recommended solely by the owners of TheAustinGrandPrix.com. The listings are not to be considered an official endorsement and do not represent the views of any associated employers, groups, or affiliated associations.austininla	australianopen	autumndwright	Wife to the most amazing husband ever. momma to 2 fantastic boys and wildly passionate about Jesus.autumnnftw	awakeningaimee	axilles	ay_cee	aytnsrgl19o5	azaelljr	- iPhone 4S™azfamily	3TV is a local news station in Phoenix, Arizona also known as Arizona's Family. We deliver local and national news, including weather, sports, traffic and more... on-air, online, mobile... heck anyway we can get it to you! Our local website is www.azfamily.com and you can reach us on Facebook and Twitter as well. We look forward to chatting with you. And, if you have a question for any of our anchors, reporters, producers, or anyone in the local community Just Ask. We'll do our best to get your questions answered.azjibaro	azred256	baberkathleen	badanalog	badboyspike	badbrad562	Retired age 59, single again.bahjournalist	baiamonte1971	baltimoresun	bananabuzzbomb	Adventure-Seeker Explore - Run - Vegan - Travel - Outdoors Happily Married to @AdventuresofDH Mama To Furry Kids  Keep Smiling &amp; Be Gratefulbanyanbranch	baofoodanddrink	Follow New York City's Healthy Food and Drink Company on Foursquare to find out where to find BAO FRESH KOMBUCHA and BAO FERMENTED FOODS throughout NYC and the Greater NY area.barackobama	This account is run by #Obama2012 campaign staff.baranek	digital journalismbaratunde	Author #HowToBeBlack http://howtobeblack.me Formerly of @TheOnion. Now @CultivatedWit.barbaccio	barcelonette2	barchefge	bardinass	barracksrow	Economic revitalization and business advocacy on Barracks Row, Capitol Hill: 8th Street, SE; Washington DC www.barracksrow.orgbarre3sadie	baskaklimek	baurogue2012	Basta me adicionar para saber a minha biografia meus amigos, sejam todos bem vindos e muito obrigado !bbcamerica	bbcworldservice	Follow us on Foursquare and find out about World Service radio programmes connected to places all around the world. From the history of Brooklyn Bridge to the exploration of the South Pole, there could be a World Service radio programme for anywhere.b_blankenship	bbsincere	bchrastina	bd10207	bdgiesen	beanoregonduck	beansbaxter	beaufollett	Beau R Follett - Financial Advisorbeaulebens	Engineering, product and people lead at @Automattic, working on @Jetpack, @WooCommerce, and more. I make web stuff.beautybesties1	beautyjudyblog	BeautyJudy.combeckyfoxfitness	beefurjoe	beejer	Social Media Tinkerer.  Improvisor. Redhead. Early adopter of Foursquare.  www.beejer.combeenishm23	beh_zod	beklop_pter	Ich bin ich.bellagiolv	bellahairxten	http://www.facebook.com/hairRehab&nbsp;bellasssparks	#Love, #gratitude, #chocolate, #dreams &amp; my family .. Be #happy.bellmar	bemjoiner	benjaminmejias	benmcconnell	benzado	beourguestmike	bergdorfs	berliner_hotel	berlinwebweek	Berlin Web Week is Berlin's web calendar for all things internet throughout the year.bernadettmatass	Weight loss,fitness coach, Owner of BoduSculpting Fitness, (242 south Atlantic Ave, Ormond Beach,Florida 32176) IFBB PRO competitor, loving mom. :)bernardmoon	Partner @SparkLabsGlobal (global seed fund) &amp; @SparkLabsKorea (startup accelerator), TEDster, Guest Writer @VentureBeat @Mashable @TechCrunch othersbertrupp	besz	betabay	I am passionate about helping... period! I love helping others realize their potential, knowing that in so doing, I will realize my own. I am what I do.bethavner	bethemedia	Motto: Like · Comment · Sharebethferreira	betsyvetter	bexaoanan	bgawyeah	bgg2wl	bharrier	bieganski	bien_mur	bigapplevoice	bigboi	bigcountry83	bigdrew	Owner and Managing editor of Fat Boy Heavenbigkarma	bikerswelcomeus	Your Motorcycle Events Calendar: Post &amp; Share- it's easy and it’s free! Give a biker all the information, a map and even a weather report. WOW it's mobile too!bikforcancer	bikiniocean	Bikini Ocean is all about sun, sand, surf, and style! We have scoured the world looking fort the hottest bikinis, sunglasses, and accessories. Look good and feel good wherever you are.bill2028	billcammack	billionsuccess	Founder of http://billionsuccess.com and Co-Founder of http://triplefy.com I simply want tho make things happen, on the GO.billyfranks	bing	The better technology can adapt to you, the more you can be yourself. #ThisIsBing.  www.bing.com/newbinowski	birlilliputkul	bizmike	bk2gther	Born &amp; raised in New Jersey moved to Fla in 1987 &amp; luv it. Luv my hubby, kids &amp; grandkids😍! Kasey Kahne #5 fan forever!!!bkfaloon	blabbermouthaz	blackberry	Go where Team BlackBerry goes! Check-in to the coolest parties, events and conferences with BlackBerry.blacktoad	blakefest	blakeimagery	blaket26	blakscribe	blanfordlaw	Attorney passionate about helping individuals accused of crimes, and those injured by the negligence of others. Tacoma &amp; Roslyn, WA.  www.blanfordlaw.comblazingfig	blkbltkidortiz	I'm Daniel, I'm very interested in technology and I like hanging out with my friends.blond_olala	blqecqlacqlar	blushingbasics	www.blushingbasics.combluzgrrl	bmarr	bmcmsb	bmehciz	bmi	bmw_free	bmwgugglab	Mobile lab traveling around the world to inspire innovative ideas for urban design and new ways of thinking about urban life. More at bmwguggenheimlab.org.bnbrand	bniddys	bobatious	bobbibillard	Your very own Bobbi doll. Twitter/IG/FB/Snapchat: bobbibillardb_o_b_b_y	Facebook.com/Bobby.Bonabi Twitter/Instagram : @B_o_b_b_ybobby_paterson	bobnocek	bodlar	boginyan	boiseweekly	Boise Weekly is everywhere you want to be in Boise. Follow us for pics, updates and tips on everything Boise has to offer from restaurants to concerts to rec events to shopping.boldfreshjew	Individualist. ☩ Micro-Blogger. ☩ Pundi†. ☩ Old Soul. ☩ Snowden. ☩ Rand Paul.boltron	I am taking extreme liberties.bonappetitmag	bonchonmidtown	bonitabrown1	bonvivantgirl	bosovalexander	Wife,screamo,fixed gear,android,shopping.bossladycaity	bostonsirving	boulderbaked	boundarybay	bowsern	Perfectly Posh Independent Consultant, Initials Inc Creative Partner, Career Federal Service, Military Spouse, Busy Mombpmilne	bradcbarker	digital &amp; loyalty @starbucks | musician/producer | coffee fanatic, wine lover &amp; pseudo-foodiebradfordb	bradgerick	bradgosse	brad_justus	bradleystylenyc	bradsakamoto	bradtnw	brady	bradyhahn	brainw0rm	brammosays	Brammo Motorcycles: Enertia, Enertia Plus, Empulse, Empulse R, electric motorcycles.brandlippincott	brandonbrown	musician. traveler. foodie. marketer.brandondicker	brandonmwest	brandonscullion	brandontnelson	brandy_johns	bravesdiva	bravo	brdgstonearena	breakingnews	Breaking News around the globe.breko	bremmel	brendamontreal	Design nerd. Brunch addict. Music omnivore. Runner.brendankeegan	brett	Horror Projects at Letterboxd; Atari Teenage Riot; 👨‍👩‍👦‍👦, GIFs, Horror Films; Founder (AlleyWatch, The Community Manager); Twitter @Brettbrett_ano_myces	You know you want the funk.brewdrees504	Just a New Orleans kid exploring the worldbrianalovekrull	briancrouch	Idea guybrianhauer	http://BrianMHauer.combriankillheffer	briansolis	brianstephen	Im a Christian first, a Husband second, a father third, but I love  Photography and Internet Marketing.  I lack one year before I get my BA in Internet Marketinbriantomkins	brickalleypub	Brick Alley Pub &amp; Restaurant has earned Landmark Status in Newport, RI.  We have been voted Best Restaurant in Rhode Island as well as Best Bar in Rhode Island. For Reservations: 401.849.6334bridgetzig	brimer	Co-Founder, General Assembly. Maker of things and doer of deeds. Bullish on The Future.bripena	brisk	britopian	britrock	Photographer. Guinness World Records adjudicator. British explorer.brittany_ann_	brittanygreer5	brittgonzalez	brittonclark	brittrashelle	brittsblurbs	www.bblurbs.combroadcrawford	brodiewest	I am a vego, love to entertain, socialise, &amp; drink good wine. I work in marketing, play premier league hockey, my dog is my best mate facebook.com/westbrodiebrokentreedist	brookecornish	brooklynbrewery	brotherferdie	brunasororo	brunobyington	brunofigueiredo	brwn_bom4	twitter @brwn_bom 4 &amp; Instagram: @leigh_hammond  Suburbanne Girl Inc. Specializes in Promotions &amp; Marketing and Event Planning Follow @ suburbanne_girlbryanseq	Food Passionist, coffee snob and all round nice guybryce1984	brycevredevoogd	bsimi	bsnyderii	btothereyna	buckdaddy	bukita_	burberry	A 156 year-old global brand with a distinctly British attitudeburtonsnowboard	buylandonline	buzzfeed	bwlucas	bydanielvictor	bytemarks	Digital Roninbzamacona	cabrzezi	cadenas_pablo	Asturiano residiendo en Madrid. Tengo 35 años y gay. Mi objetivo está en buscar amistad, buenos amigos y mucha conversación. Mi Twitter:@cadenas_pablo Sígueme!caitplusate	Food &amp; fitness blogger at CaitPlusAte.com, trying to live life of healthy balance and happiness!calebelston	calevans	calicobasin	! elcyceR , keeG, cimoC, enohplleC, evoL, ecaeP, scitiloP s'08, s'09, s'00, I am also ™©®. Ooooo_calikelly	calilewis	calsclassic	camilla_sdo	I am a STEM Ambassador - encouraging girls and boys to pursue a career in a Science, Technology, Engineering or Math field.camillens	cammipham	Digital strategist, blogger http://cammilicious.com,Married to Twitter,having an affair with G+,Host of #RBChat #PhotoChat, tea drinker, Will work for shoescammocl	CAMMO is a nonprofit that believes in healing power of music Run by veterans for veterans,active duty &amp; service members where military musical talent can thrivecampcreekfarm	Executive Chef of Union Hill Kitchen in Atlanta -alumni of Food Network Star, Cutthroat Kitchen Champion &amp; CNN Espanol.camplommer	candacesandiego	cannonjw	capriitaliano	captainandclark	CaptainandClark.comcaptaindanyo	captcruz	https://linktr.ee/CaptCruzcar705c	careersatvzw	carefreevegas	carefulkeeper	careyws	carissaanneb	carlablumenthal	carlamcgov	carlm3	carlos_henry10	segui ae https://twitter.com/carlos_henry10  .. sigo  todo mundo de volta!!!carlosmiranda	carlosrizo	carlsorvino	carlyrachael	I like to eat.carmenino	carolinamillan	Entrepreneur from Chile. Marketing and HR Consultant. I love to travel and see the World. Internet and Affiliate Marketer :)caronsue	caroseberryenh	carribugbee	carriekerpen	carrieluver	carsonbetz	casaderafa	caseydaigle	caseylynnmms	Your digital go-to girl.casintx	cassiethedoula	cassypie2000	castleresorts	catahouligan	catamount_40	catchachoo	catchcarri	I want to be a tourist for a living inspring people to live.catgreggs	cathbot	cathyisreal	Autism Mom. Mom to an awesome teenager. Wife. Blogger. Runner. Lover of coffee, popcorn, dark chocolate, &amp; Disney.  cathyherard [at] gmail [dot]comcattizle25	catufunwa	cavemanklaus	Kiwi in London. Brand Strategist. Creative Technologist. Founder http://bit.ly/FuelStory love #startups #crossfit #paleo #coffee #dancingc_banman	cbehrlich	ccarella	😀cc_chapman	Author, Speaker, Photographer &amp; Dad. Explorer trying to make the world better through creativity.ccdoan	ccuellar	Social entrepreneur, author, and podcaster. Lover of women entrepreneurs, music, city life, the Dallas Mavericks, and Spain.cdorso	University enrollment manager, dad, Mets fan, guitar guy, baseball card collector, got my butt kicked on Jeopardy!cdunham_meilus	ceceliab	cecrooker	celo4life	ceonyc	I'm an ordinary guy with nothing to lose. VC at Brooklyn Bridge Ventures. These are my initials, btw.  Mets fan, triathlete, softball player, kayaker.cespo916	Passion for exploring my taste buds, social media. This is the world through my eyes :)cew_ny	Cosmetic  Executive Women  (CEW) develops the leadership potential of our members through access, connections, networking and the sharing of knowledge.chadcat	chad_wilson	chamillionaire	champagnehouses	A Woman's Guide to Champagne will be released Spring 2013. Follow updates and other Champagne-related news and events @ http://liz-palmer.com/ [Champagne+]chanel5essence	chargers	charitys	charitywater	charles_garc1a	Guapo, mamón, amigo, enemigo, travieso...charliemonteiro	char_loko	charlottescox	chaseclark	Rocket Hobo www.rocketstem.orgchasegarrett23	chasem54	chasenews	chayamichelle	cheepono	cheesemonger	cheezewit	cheflayla	chellfrank	chellsdragonfly	chelsa	Lover of cats, candy, running, traveling, simplicity, and beauty products. Co-founder, @Stowawaychelseainla	cheniquearenas	cherylrice	chevrolet	Find New Roads with Chevrolet &amp; follow all of our events here. Let Chevrolet show you some of our favorite places &amp; keep up with our latest events.chewbode	chicagoval	chicitylimits	chiefkoboei	chimeracoder	chinaprettylady	chiouonthis	Big fan of most things edible and quaffable!chipotletweets	chiringuito_r	chizadillac	chizellessalter	chobani	Chobani is America's #1 brand of yogurt, made with only natural ingredients and a real human touch.choberkehr	Pastor of Epiphany Lutheran Church. Founder of Life Bridge Services.chococatgrl	choopes	chris1051	chriscornell	chrisgriswold	chrisgtaylor	SVP Digital Marketing JTMarComchrisirmo	Graphic designer and marketer with a love for photography, sushi, Mexican food and history.chriskleblanc	chrisn305	chrisolave	chris_prime	chrisricca	chrissanders23	Chris Lopez is a mtv celebrity promoterchristiangadams	christie_burke	christinamasayo	BARTENDER at Rack Sushi Bar-Brandon, Fl &amp; Splitsville-Downtown Disney Westsidechristinehitt	christinekorda	VP Community Engagement-ShesConnected. Over 15 years of Digital and 10 years of Social Media experience.christinelrm	christophoclese	christuhfurr	chrszmnt	chuck2go2	chumy_	chupacaubrey	cigarcurator	cijibhnee	cincicouponbook	cindyking	cirque	We are Cirque du Soleil - we currently have 18 productions worldwide. Follow us for insider info and ticket specials!ciscosystems	citriuscorp	Follow Citrius as we explorer the world of SharePoint and Office 365.  We'll take you everywhere from conferences to user groups to Office 365 Saturdays and SharePoint Saturdays.ciup1	cj_britton	cjmccoy	cjoh	cjohnnyrico	ckimmelshue	ckrewson	Digital news guy in and around Philly. Husband, dad, dog-owner. Journalist.ckundo	classyindeed	clatko	Interested in all things tech. Apple, i/OS/X, Client MVC (MV-VM), LAMP, JVM languages, SproutCore, JavaScript, Ruby, Python, GNU/Linux.claudioenriquea	clayman	claypruzinsky	Owner / Website Designer / SEO / PPC Specialist http://www.bluclay.comclementbryant	cllev	cloggin	clonek	cmmoffitt	cmuiz	Simpático y sencillo!!! Instagram: clau_munizcnet	CNET is the premier destination for tech product reviews, news, price comparisons, free software downloads, videos, and podcasts.cnn	cntraveler	At home in the world. #tasteintravelcoachella	We're a Music &amp; Arts Festivalcoachforyou	Cosmetics- Coach, Cosmetetic Network Coachcoachniquenya	Master Business Coach &amp; Life Skills Strategist specializing in transforming dreamers into successful entrepreneurs. I help small businesses make money fast!cocktailparty	The Cocktail Party™ is the satirical political party for drinkers campaigning for cocktails liberal in spirit, conservative on mixer &amp; green in garnish!cocomoco	Foodie, traveler, thrill-seeker, tequila lover. @cocomococodaalfine	codeundkakao	codingjester	colbertreport	Hosted by Stephen Colbert, the Emmy®-winning "The Colbert Report" features no-holds-barred discussions in which the important topics of our time and the daily news are treated with absolutely no seriousness whatsoever.  Comedy Central  Mon - Thurs 11:30/10:30ccoldwellm	colettewh	colinglenn	collcallahan	colodawn	colorado	Colorado is a year-round destination offering unparalleled adventure and recreational pursuits, rich heritage, flavorful cuisine and 25 renowned ski areas.colormeawesm	columbia1938	combi31	comedianwillc	comedycentral	compagno2b	concerts	It's all about concerts! Tour trailers, concerts in your area and more. Post pics on Instagram tagged #concerts and see them on concerts.com/instagram. We launched at SXSW and are wanting your feedback! More features and artists coming very soon.congo181	conkytonkin	conkytonkinconnectyou	constantiaps	Private Investigation (PI#28799), Private Patrol Operations (PPO#16301), and Firearms Training Facility (TFF#1388).consumerstips	contentkim	continuants	(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ ♥cookingwitht	copano	coppermtn	corbenic	Enterprise shapeshifter. Venture architect and developer. Custodian of the Holy Grail.corcoran_group	Explore NYC, The Hamptons &amp; South Florida with thousands of local insights, tips, lists &amp; recommendations from us. Visit us on the web: www.corcoran.comcornell	corrieturnbull	corybooker	Follow Mayor Cory Booker on Foursquare and learn more about the great city of Newark, New Jersey.coryjim	CEO and Founder of @empoweredpres #Award #Winning #Presentation #Design Firm #Honolulu #Hawaii Specializing in #powerpoint #keynote #presentations @yanceyucorypalmer	cosmoonline	Tons of awesome tips for fun fearless females everywhere!cosmopolitan_lv	countcory	www.CountCory.com www.XOCskincare.com twitter @CountCory  IG @CountCorycourtenaybird	_courtland	courtney_audra	Go cats._courtney_erin	craftalliance	Established in 1964, Craft Alliance provides inspiration and education in contemporary craft to a national community of artists, collectors, students and the art-viewing public. It does this through every creative stage by exhibiting artists' work, educating all levels of students, encouraging art collectors and offering free classes and family programs.craig_ansell	craigery	craighepburn	craignewman	craignewmark	crainium18	crainschicago	crainsnewyork	Follow Crain's New York Business and check in on foursquare to unlock up-to-the-minute Real Estate transactions in New York. You will unlock trends, insider information and be kept ahead of your competition. Unlock our limited-edition power broker badge.crashoverride_	Analista Desarrollador .NET. Fanático y jugador de Básquetbol. Guía del canal de Basquetbol en @Guioteca. Contacto crashoverride182[@]gmail[.]comcrazedmom	crazychooker	cre81luv	crmcmullen	Klowd co-founder, technology strategist, web developer and self-proclaimed geek. Google Android kinda guy, guitar player and Harley-Davidson owner.crocs	Crocs is a world leader in innovative casual footwear for men, women and children.croquevielle	Fotógrafo profesional // Ñoño Multitaskingcrossga	Social butterfly and connector of people, brands, ideas, and dots. Co-founder, Director Social Media Club Nashville | @crossga | georgiacross.blogspot.comcrowdbooster	crushcomedy	cryssouth	PR &amp; Social Marketing Coordinator @FSSeattle. Passionate about nonprofits, photography, high heels, coffee, traveling and my husband. @RunofHope @TeamU4NonProfcrystalpalting	cspan	ctbartab	CTbartab is a social media gifting company that links Facebook users to local bars and restaurants in Connecticut.ctbites	CTbites if your guide to great food in Connecticut. We'll share tips and recommendations for the very best dishes, restaurants, chefs and markets in this state has to offer.ctcfit	cthpike	cuchullainn	culturemapatx	Follow Austin's Daily Digital Magazine. Check-in on FourSquare to unlock our Culturelists. Food+Drink, Music+Film, Outdoors+Fitness and more. You'll get tips to make your way around the ATX!curiousjosh	curlee310	curlycomedy	Comedian seen on VH1, MTV, CollegeHumor. Checking in to all my work places and the restaurants around them.curlyjazz	curtisoutain	curtisraye	cwaxler	cyberdzynes	Website designer &amp; developer and online marketing specialist at CyberDZynes.com. Stop by, check our website or Facebook page @ Facebook.com/CyberDZynes &amp; like.cybilrat	cyndimarton	Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boringcyndi_r82	czsupplements	dablyputs	daddyclaxton	dagabicucina	dailyaddict	dailycandy	At DailyCandy, our editors relentlessly seek the genuine, the unique, and the next. We love the thrill of the “find.” What’s your DailyCandy?dailyfanboy	daisygirljenn	daisyteh	www.TheItMom.com | Influencing 65,000+ lives with 'It-Mom' Style: Save time + money and STILL turn heads! Subscribe now: http://bit.ly/eSubscribeTheItMomdalehipsh	Citizen of the World, Creator and Entertainer, Shoulder to the Grindstone, Shepherd. Follow me on Twitter @DaleHipshdales777	Just a bouncin from coast to coast... Please don't check me into places. I will remove you from my list. 😃😃✌️✌️dallascowboys	dallasdirtcandy	dallasmuseumart	Follow us and check in on foursquare to get tips on what’s new at the DMA including exhibitions, performances, lecture, films, &amp; more.damian_hunt	damianodemonte	damianwunderluv	damion_white	damonjohnsonvc	danceking	dancerbradley	dancinghotdogs	dancontarino	THE CONTARINO ASSOCIATION : MADLOLMAX FILMS  DENNIO LIVE : GAYBAY WORLDWIDE : GNE GAY NORTHEASTER : THE BOOK OF DANIEL : CKM WORLDdandotlewis	danecook	daniaediblehi	edible Hawaiian Islands magazine. We follow the stories and people who grow, cook and feed our communitydanidoodah	B( . )( . )bies!danielbru	Digital at Golden State Warriors.danieldreier	Founder @ PeerAce // Former Product &amp; Operations @ Wundercar + Local Operations @ Airbnbdanielleguizio	danielpatrick	Life is short, but I am tall.danifankhauser	danigem87	dankimredmango	dankind2001	danloney	danmaccarone	dannybloomfield	Head of Accounts @UserVoice | Business Nerd | 5th-Gen Brooklyn | I♥SF | Bike | Cooperation | Musician | Dharma Dreamer | Fan of Peace &amp; Lovedanny_fitton	Engineer and letting agent rolled in to one tubby package. Work for Holroyd and owner of Go Local Lettings. Busy life. I'm a dad too, 3 boys.dannylondon	danopaquette	danrichardsjr	danykac	#Entrepreneurship #SEO #SocialNetworking #Business #Style &amp; Couture #Jewelry!! http://danykacollection.comdanylemelin	darkdragonadal	darqlabs	darrelwf	Looking for fun encounters! Anyone else looking for the same?dascarrotop	da_spot_	datachick	davantidigital	Follow us to stay on top of what's new and interesting in the social media world. We'll guide you through which businesses are running the most innovative social, digital and mobile campaigns.  Join the Digital Revolution!davedelaney	Creative connector, author, speaker, digital marketing consultant, lover of improv, fast music, family, &amp; Guinness. Plucked from #Toronto growing in #Nashville.davekerpen	davemorin	davenielsen	Developer Outreach at Intel; co-founder of CloudCamp &amp; BigDataCampdaveotten9304	davewaite	daveyjustice	davidchangusa	davidfpatton	david_gv	davidhitt	davidnam	http://about.me/davidnamdavidostrander	davidpessah	Live emphaticallydavidrbonanno	davidsandusky	co-Founder at Idea Chíc with my bride Made in Denver, CO USA. @DavidSanduskydavjphillips	dawnhibbs	dawnieslife	dayowl89	dazedmagazine	dazzophoto	I travel around So. Cal and beyond taking photos for Google Business Photos.dbearhunley	dberkowitz	dbfseattle	dbitonio79	dbkguy	dbmagazine	dbnewsjournal	Want to know the best places to eat, where all the golf courses are, or the historical racing landmarks you shouldn't miss? The Daytona Beach News-Journal can tell you all about the best locations in the Volusia-Flagler County area. Follow us for great tips and interesting suggestions.dbog	dbvickery	Love my Vickery Girls. A Mantis principal. #PulseAnalytics social #monitoring and #sentimentanalysis http://t.co/BnKsQWgwCA. Tennis, Broncos, Longhornsdc_design_print	Graphic Designer &amp; Print Specialist. I make you look good on paper as your image is my business! I am "Your Design to Print Link" www.dc-graphics.co.ukdcfemella	dcunited	Follow us for special offers, matchday tips, event announcements, and behind-the-scenes photos.ddsawyer	Humorist. Technologist. Internationalist.deaconbluue	John Brasley is a Chaplain at NYS DOCCSdealfatigue	deanbell_	deannie	dearmilspouse	debra11	I fire people UP! * soul tank activator * speaker * author * wine loverdebramacki	Celebrity Makeup Artistdecanter	Want to impress someone? Follow us and we'll show you the best wine bars, speakeasys, restaurants and events in your city. Our experts are waiting to give you the tip-off on the places to go right now and where to discover the perfect wine located around you.decept1k0n	dedlam	deeprogress	deepseablue	def1ant1	delawarere	dementisdoug	“We're making it up. The world, the universe, life, reality. Especially reality.” ― Tom Robbinsdenins	www.mediacomponents.condens	I enjoy such things as snowboards, soccer, and hot dogs.  If I happen to be the same place as you right now, say hi!derekwjost	dermdoc	Physician Director of #Health #Innovation. Cowboy wannabe. Views here are my own and not medical advice.derrickminor	Husband. Father. Follower of Jesus. Community Builder. Catalyst. Connector. Craft Beer Fan. Enjoyer of Awesome Food. Native Floridian Converted North Caroliniandesireevallez	deskoneer	22 años. No se si ahora se llama Swarm o Foursquaredestinyroxx	devinm88	deweydon	dewimailelim	dg0213	🎶"...Just Livin' La Vida Loca..."🎶  Facebook/dg0213 Instagram: dg0213dggoes211	dgrreen	dheenah06	I'm a jimmy jib operator in India .dhoov08004	Let's go ! Treat yourself, enjoy it !diamondmind50	diegomamelli05	diekathrins	dietpepsi	digitalascent	digitalmktggirl	digitalroyalty	www.AmyJoMartin.com, www.DigitalRoyaltyUniversity.comdigitaltourbus	This is Digital Tour Bus' official Foursquare page! Like us to learn about music venues in your city! Make sure you check out our site, www.digitaltourbus.comdigix3	dilanng	Twitter: @dilanng      www.facebook.com/dilan.gucuk İnstagram : dilanngdiphen	discoverla	The official tourism board of LA! Follow us to discover tips, secrets and where to go all over Los Angeles.discover_uw	Especialistas en ropa interior desde 2001, en Discover Underwear esperamos que disfrutes de tus interiores tanto o más que nosotros al diseñarlos.divas_xo	Come See the BEST in Upscale Adult Entertainment in Berks County. Ladies &amp; Couples Alway Welcome!dizzydeeann	djacobs	djaiden	• BUMSQUAD DJ • 2012 RED BULL X-FIGHTERS DJ • MIST WINSTAR DJ BATTLE CHAMP • #1 MASHUP DJ IN TEXAS • RESIDENT DJ AT PLUSH DALLAS www.AIDENBRASHER.comdjambazov	djidlemind	Classically trained DJ, Ivy League educated wise-ass.  Resident DJ for the Brooklyn Academy of Music.djladylola	djmccaffery	djmyk702	djolutosin	djroxanne	djsleeper	djsweeps	djtanner_	I'm a real stick in the mud.djtimdogg418	TIM AKA DJ TIMDOGG.THE MATURE PEOPLES DJ.. AVAILABLE FOR ALL EVENTS..CONTACT ME AT 302 290 2683...djune21	djuniquestyles	djyoungdirty	dkr	dmcdowell523	dmirandacuneo	dmontauk	dmscott	Marketing strategist, keynote speaker, and bestselling author of 8 books including The New Rules of Marketing &amp; PR and Newsjacking.dmytrovoytko	Business Trainer, Life Coach Negotiation PublicSpeaking Presentation TEDx JCI Toastmasters THINK BIG! Live YOUR life! https://coaching-way.com/docgreene	docmacastat	doctormosler	doctortomi	dogcalledphenix	Follow us and check-in to get info about us, what we're doing, music  and (receive) specials.dolcegabbana	_dom	The risk is great.  The choice, of course, is yours.domthenick	donashlv	donniefranklin	CEO at TINK Africa / Fmr. CMO at Insight (A Publicis Company)  Trendspotter, Storyteller, Strategist  www.franklinozekhome.comdonnyfontaine	donrohr	dontgetchopped	doriandavis	doritosuk	Follow us on foursquare to get tips about Doritos deals and promotions that are close to your location.doubletreesea	These days, travel can be hard. At DoubleTree by Hilton we understand that, and every little thing we do adds up to create a rewarding experience for our guests. Follow us and check-in for insider travel tips and city attractions. The DoubleTree is just a check-in away.dougburos	douggaynor	dough	doughaugen	downtownfiction	downtownnyc	doyennedesign	dpg	dracorigel	dragonden	dr_alkhatib88	drbatten	drewgallo	drewgallo.comdrinkphilly	drjamestla	drmwba	droyale	dryerbuzz	dschrane	dsmith124	dtrliveworkplay	What's up in Downtown Raleigh? Follow us for specials, scoop &amp; all the latest happenings of Downtown Raleigh.dubohsix	ducttape	dude8724	dudeitsnissa	duendelivre	dukeu	Find your friends. Learn about life on campus and in Durham. Make connections. Earn badges. Unlock specials. Most important, have fun.durails	durhamfoodie	dus1o	dusanmurco	dustinjmcclure	dustinjo	dvinmsm	dwayneburgess	dweissaz	dwescott1	I work for APCO Worldwide.  I advocate for science, environmentalism, and feminism. Husband, dad, red sox fan.dwsny	earl52	earlethethird	eastlondonbus	eatblkbox	eater	eatingitup	eatrealthings	ebuzzedge	ecdavies	ecoliving_	ecubetadave	eddgilbon	eddiemurray	edgarprado	Viajero  Sommelier en proceso Chef en proceso  MBA Studentedkless	edozclazzicz	edstransport	Transportation Services , Air port Shuttle, School move in and out. Family and Business  Trip , Meeting, Hotel.  Local and Long Distance trip. Open 24 hoursedtwit	efl_guy	_efti	Publicitário formado pela faculdade UniCEUB, presta serviços na área de Design Gráfico, Mídias Sociais, sendo consultor de Marketing Digital.efyeahroyd	ehabalibakhreba	ejespejo	ejmiranda	ekivemark	ektrey	el_alexis	eleanorbro	electronicdward	elgauchogrub	elisabethholby	elisia66	elizabethglau	Attendee Engagement Strategy | Disruptive Technology | Customer Service for Conferences l Meetings Community Leadership l EGCXGROUP.COMelizadushku	ellemariepawley	ellenqueue	elliejrogers	elliotengstrom	elliotj651	elof	eloqua	eloysalazarpap	elspethjane	elspethnolen	emanisalon	My name is Emani and i am a hair braider in San Diego. Check my website to see what kind of styles of my wrk. www.emanisalon.comembertime	emeril	_emf_	emfel	emiliad	Boston. Baseball. Beers. Boyfriend. Baller.emilym7707	emilypfister	emilystrichartz	eminedoger	emmarocks	emmaziff	emmegirls	International modeling agency, marketing agency, staffing agency headquartered in Washington, DC.emo_israd	endersumer35	endogoddess	endovenoso	energyintransit	"Live-Love-Eat" - Words of the Wiseengadget	engineerbolex	equestrian_girl	equinox	It's Not Fitness. It's Life.  Voted Best Gym in America by Fitness Magazine.   Locations In: New York, Connecticut, Southern California, Northern, California, Chicago, Florida , Boston , Washington DC, Dallas, Toronto, Londoneramirem	In perpetual free falleranium	Managing Partner of @LHBS marketing strategist, innovation management, new product concepts, cultural change, trend scout and pattern recognition, foodieericallen1970	ericdet314	erichehlert	ericlayland	ericwms	erikciezgi	erikkiik	erikziegelman	eringriffith	ernestwilkins	erok	One moment of perfection is better than a lifetime of only good...live for the moment!errolcockfield	esmeinfantenii	espn	Follow ESPN for all-pro tips on the best arenas, stadiums, ballparks, courses, and pitches across the sports world. Take your foursquare game to the next level, and you’ll earn a spot in the big leagues with one of our badges.  Remember, it’s a game of inches out there, so every check-in counts.  Hands in, ready…break!esquiremag	estarks02	ethan9293	ethoz1970	Code writing globe trotting music loving artist_eusoquero	euszeus	evampaez	evertone111	I'm Afro-British Jamerican Citizen.A single dad with daughter &amp; grandson.A carpenter,a christain likes entertainment,sports,etc...everywheretrip	Traveling around the world non-stop since March 2007. Over 120 countries and all 7 continents.evgone	#Technology, science, self-development, organizational methods, #SM, #SMM. Following #business trends and developments.evolutionfresh	Sharing our love of cold-pressed juice. Encouraging healthy choices, big and small. #JuiceEvolvedevonnebenedict	ewwellness	explorechicago	77 unique neighborhoods, 552 parks, and 7,300 restaurants all add up to countless Chicago check-ins on Foursquare! ExploreChicago.org, the Official Tourism Website of the City of Chicago, invites you to explore our diverse neighborhoods as you earn one of four Chicago-themed Foursquare badges. Meet your friends at a historic blues club on the south side, search for the perfect Chicago-style hot dog on the north side, and re-enact your favorite scene at one of the many movie locations in between.  Get a fast answer about restaurants and things to see and do in Chicago via our Twitter concierges, 7 days a week: twitter.com/explorechicagoexplorethebruce	extratv	eyemediadiva	eyeonannapolis	ezadler	ezzie619	I lift heavy things &amp; then set them down!f1_deals	1MenuToGo is a Restaurant that serves delicous foods and many more . Visit us @  1menutogo.comfaceofjimmy	faircaremd	fairmonthotels	Fairmont is a leader in the global hospitality industry, with a distinctive collection and worldwide reputation for excellence. Our diverse portfolio includes historic icons, elegant resorts and modern citycenter properties. From the beaches of Hawaii and Bermuda to the heart of New York City, all of our hotels offer a superior guest experience that is uniquely "Fairmont."fairrhonda	fancyrealestate	fandw	fastake	fastcompany	fatirs	Use to be an idealist but have become a realist. Disappointed in the Human Race.fdncenter	Foundation Center is the leading source of information about philanthropy worldwide.fearlessrecords	School is out &amp; summer is here, which means tons of awesome tours from all your favorite bands on Fearless Records! Follow us for for all of the latest contests &amp; specials while on your summer show binge! Check into Fearless Records while you're at your local Vans Warped Tour stop to score limited edition posters from Every Avenue, A Skylit Drive, Go Radio, &amp; The Word Alive!felicia_carmela	felix	felix_molina	Cyclist, Masochists New England sports fan, , Coffee drinker, Web Designer, Fan of @SamuelAdamsBeer, Lover of the ocean and surf.ferol	f_factor	Follow F-Factor for daily diet, nutrition, and lifestyle tips! Be inspired to look and feel your best the F-Factor Way!fight4wellness	film_degrees	fimoculous	I dot-com.finderic	fineryder	fionamiller	Not really active here, sporadic check-ins by friends.fitnessmagazine	Follow FITNESS and check in on Foursquare to get an extra dose of motivation and health tips! Have fun!flatbushcasey	flavorpill_nyc	_fleur__	flippnyc	flo_seyfried	flshtacos	Haterflwinecountry	flyerfan34	fmf2011	fmxonline	In freestyle motocross, the name of the game is "anything goes" in this adrenaline-filled performance staged in mid-air. Riders launch their bikes off ramps that propel them towards the rafters, performing mind-bending acrobatic moves as they soar through the arena airspace. The only way to properly experience this spine-tingling sport is from the very edge of your seat as these daredevils fly high overhead.fondalo	foodem	Foodem.com is an online business to business marketplace where wholesale food distributors and buyers such as, restaurants connect. Check in on foursquare to find out what's going on with foodem, our favorite food industry news and stories, suggestions for your restaurant and even an occasional recipe that catches our eye. Learn how foodem can help you start saving money and shopping smarter.foodfitandfam	foodimentary101	I talk and tweet about food for a living, no really. Actually I'm the guy who created the 'Daily Food Holiday' craze. Google @Foodimentary!foodnetwork	Welcome to our official foursquare page! Follow us for restaurant recommendations and tips from our chefs and shows.forcemm	forechecker	I run On The Forecheck, covering the NHL's Nashville Predators for @sbnation. Named Writer's Choice for Best Sports Blog in the Best of Nashville 2011.forever21	Satisfying your craving for fashion's latest trends, at prices you can't pass up, and locations you want to visit!forgen	forrestkoba	Building Koba Ventures. forrest@forrestkobayashi.comfortunemagazine	FORTUNE is a global leader in business journalism with a worldwide circulation of more than 1 million and a readership of nearly 5 million, with major franchises including the FORTUNE 500 and the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For. FORTUNE Live Media extends the brand's mission into live settings, hosting a wide range of annual conferences, including the FORTUNE Global Forum.   FORTUNE was founded by Henry Booth Luce in February 1930, four months after the Wall Street Crash of 1929 that marked the onset of the Great Depression. The magazine has a great history of providing news and analysis critical to business people.fosterthinking	Branding guy. Speaker. Author. Promoter of #Bacon people &amp; brands. Lift heavy; think heavy. Give me good people, good coffee &amp; good music. #ATX=home.fourjandals	Freelance Social Media Manager and Founder of one of the world's leading adventure #travel blogs. Also addicted to Surfing, Mt Biking, Skiing, Diving and F1.foursquare	Need inspiration for where to eat, drink, and visit? Browse hundreds of lists based on ratings, tips, and insights from the Foursquare City Guide community.foursquarebadge	foursquarejoe	Travel Junkiefoxbusiness	The official foursquare page for the FOX Business Network. Ask your cable provider for FOX Business in your neighborhoodfoxnews	We're America's newsroom!foxsmjr	foxyquant	fozzyfloozie500	francescapasha	francischoe	frankneill	Father, husband, marketer, metalhead, sports fan, time traveller.franksterrr21	franshelmond	The world is my oyster  A beergarten is my home Certified Zombie Hunter  Instagram: franshelmond Twitter: @franshelmondfrappuccino	frdhutaz	frediegilbert	fredzimny	freedomwalker77	Social Media Manager at  http://www.amajormediaproductions.com/blog http://www.facebook.com/AMajorMedia http://xeeme.com/KimLavignefreelilly	fremontchamber	french4thebaron	fritzism	frizziface	froggyfitz	frommerstravel	fromthebronx	fromTheBronx.com is the #1 site for Bronxites and fans of The Bronx. Follow us all around the borough as we go from event to event to event (whew!). Show the world your Bronx pride with authentic Bronx gear at www.fromthebronx.com!frosty5798	frozenfootsteps	Love this app! Love making new friends!  Starting over in life! Made some changes for the better! Getting back to being me!fsbwelfenburg	Seit über 20 Jahren beraten und betreuen wir unsere Kunden in Sachen Werbung, Kommunikation und Marketing.  Durch die Zusammenarbeit mit Unternehmen und Organisationen aus vielen Bereichen, wächst ständig ein reicher Erfahrungsschatz.  Und ein dauernder Erneuerungsprozess: Neue Medien, Kommunikationsformen und Themen, geänderte Verhaltensweisen und Ansprüche verlangen die laufende Entwicklung. Sowohl der Konzepte als auch der Text- und Bilderwelten.  Unser Team aus gestanden Profis und „jungen Wilden“ ist die richtige Mischung, um vorwärts zu gehen und dabei den Bodenkontakt zu halten.funnychristine	funnylatice	furiouscabbage	fuzzysgrape	fvielmab	g12eddie	gabevidal	gacalma	gadling	gaetkoguy	gannonmark99	garmonjohnson	garrettps	gartner_inc	Follow Gartner on Foursquare for tips and upcoming notifications for Gartner Symposium/ITxpo and summit series.garyvee	gatorstompin	Gator Stompin'® has been a rite of passage in Gainesville for over a quarter century. At the end of every spring, students and locals get together to celebrate being part of the Gator Nation. The Official Gator Stompin' t-shirt grants you access to over 70 of Gainesville's best nightclubs, bars and restaurants where you are treated to amazing drinks, delicious food and live music! Don’t miss what the Independent Florida Alligator ranked as one of the top ten things to do before leaving Gainesville. GO GATORS!gavindonovan	gayecrispin	gdrosser	gecareers	GE (NYSE: GE) is a diversified technology and financial services company dedicated to creating products that make life better. From aircraft engines and power generation to financial services, medical imaging, and television programming, GE operates in more than 100 countries and employs about 300,000 people worldwide. For more information, visit the company's Web site at www.ge.com.geckofashions	genepark	generalelectric	geneshiau	genesisten10	genevievex3	gennynguyen	geofftweetme	geo_gephart	geopollster	Do the places you go support Democrats or Republicans? Sign up to receive location-based campaign contribution alerts. http://geopollster.comgestalterhuette	SocialWeb Junkiegetlikeme20123	get_lo_lo_lo	getnakees	Come check us out at www.nakees.com  Here to have a little fun ;)getouttamyhead	ghbrett	ghideas	giants	giantsbook	gigi_peterkin	gilbertogalea	gillianilvla	giltcitynyc	Gilt City prides itself on only having the best experiences, sales and events on our site. Our curators know the best of the best in each city, so these tips come straight from them. Enjoy!  When you check in to a venue and are using a Gilt City offer, tweet using the hash tag #giltcityapproved for a special insider-only treat.ginacatto	ginaschreck	CEO at SocialKNX. Love BIG adventures, fabulous shoes and Im occasiinally snarky!gingerbreadgal	giorgialucciola	giorgiotedx	giovanni	award-winning search + social media + web design + development + photo + videogiraffere	girlsgonesporty	Laura Williams, M.S.Ed. is a sports and fitness professional, #FitFluential Ambassador &amp; the Founder &amp; CEO of GirlsGoneSporty (http://www.girlsgonesporty.com).girlunderatree	gjdooley	gkasica	Computer Prof., EMT, wx forecaster, Amateur Radio Op. KC9AVZ, Skywarn Spotter, Space Program/NASA Enthusiast, Astrophotography/Astronomy, #STS135 Attendee :))gknutson	Born in Port Angeles, birth place of John Elway. Living in Seattle, birth place of assembly line cofffee.gladstonehotel	glamsquadshop	SW, Las Vegas, New and Affordable Womens Trendy Btq. Handbags, Accessories, Clothing, Shoes, Cosmetics ,etc. You can also find us on Facebook.gleannignacio	It's pronounced glee-ann.glengilmore	FORBES Social Media Influencer l TIME Man of Action l Social Media Marketing Strategist l Lawyer l Educator l Authorgloballover3	glorialloyd	g_lovesky	gmacch	I make stuff for the internet. Someone once said I was a mediocre mind trapped in the brain of a genius. Thanks Dad!gmakesicecream	gmwdesign	gnclivewell	GNC is a leading global specialty retailer of health and wellness products.goddardmike	Man of many words. Hi.godutchmobile	gogo	In air. Online. Gogo is your ticket to Foursquare in the sky. Let friends and family know where you’re off to by checking in from the world above. Unlock the exclusive Mile High Badge and show it off with pride. Who knows? If you’re a frequent flyer, you might one day find yourself Mayor of Gogo. Wouldn’t that be something? Visit gogoair.com today and get clearance to check in at 30,000 feet.gogreenbillions	goldmalish	gonabit	Want to nab a great deal? Let GoNabit guide you to the best things to eat, see and do in your city at 50-90% off!  Check in to receive tips and earn the Nabber Navigator Badge. There's huge savings and plenty to discover just around the corner…gonzaloluengo	good	gopconvention	As the 2012 Republican National Convention draws nearer, we continue to work hard in our preparations to host the 50,000 convention-goers here in the wonderful Tampa Bay area. It’s a great privilege to work for you as we prepare to highlight the Republican Party and our nominee, the next President of the United States.  After months of planning and preparation, it is exciting to see the convention plans take shape – and we want you to join in the excitement. We are planning a world-class Convention that leverages cutting-edge technologies to provide accessibility, community and engagement for people across the country. Please check back here regularly for the most up-to-date information as we prepare to win back the White House in 2012! Sincerely,  William D. Harris, CEOgopsusports1	gossipgirl	gothamist	gourmetlive	governorperry	Rick Perry is the 47th governor of Texas, former rancher, former Air Force pilot, husband to Anita, father to Sydney and Griffin, and a candidate for president of the United States.  With an unmatched record on job creation, balanced budgets, lawsuit reform, and limited government, Gov. Perry is ready to join you in getting America working again!gpechmann	gqmagazine	Look Sharp + Live Smartgr8socialmedia	MarcelAcoustic.comgraciesoriano	gradylocklear	Grady is a content marketing manager and lives in Portland, OR.grahamegger	grahamlang	graisinbrand	#Detroit Born. #EastLansing Raised. #Philly Proud. #Dallas life. @ThePhelpsSchool Forged. @TempleUniv Made. Ambassador Of Eloquence. Account Exec @CCOutdoorNAgrandpas_closet	graphicly	gray_knowlton	graysee_	gregarious	greggwsoucie	On instagram now! greggws On kik greggwsgreglee	gregmaughan	grevenba	grieserb	griner	grogersfitness	gryanrob	guardian	Follow the Guardian on foursquare for the latest tips on where to go and what to do.guentheralmaty	Brandname in Internet: guentheralmatyguggenheim	Frank Lloyd Wright’s architectural masterpiece home to a world-renowned collection of modern and contemporary art.guiarepsol	Somos el Equipo de Medios Sociales de la Guía Repsol. Hablamos de lo mejor de la gastronomía y el turismo en España y Portugal: rutas, restaurantes y viajes.gumbonyc	Follow GUMBONYC to find out about our latest parties and events, including GUMBO in DUMBO, GEKKO in FiDi, and the Superfraiche music showcase. Check in to our events on Foursquare to find out what's going down and win free prizes and drink tickets.gupshupblog	gutterthegreat	gvaro	gypsiefree	gyrus	h8i8	hajjflemings	halboard	halfbrown	Kick-ass lumpia chef. Renaissance dad. Lifelong autodidact. Wildesque raconteur. Ping pong maestro. Skilled with Wordpress, PHP, SEO &amp; much more. #EDIH #ENTJhamashon	hambysandiego	hank247_pt	Follow me on Facebook too! www.facebook.com/hank.rousehard_knox_life	hardrock	We love all things awesome, including, but not limited to, great food, tattoos, rock 'n' roll, baldness, sleeping, mohawks, geeks, and breakfast for dinner.harisamin	harleyj237	hartviglarsen	CEO @aarstiderne.comharvard	hasnat65	hasselbeck	Boulder--&gt; Boston--&gt; Green Bay--&gt; Seattle--&gt; Nashville--&gt; Indianapolishavebettersex	hawaii	Hawaii geek dad. Writing, editing, marketing, media relations, and the social web. #hawaiihawaiilife	Follow us and check in on foursquare to unlock the Hawaii Life style tips.  You'll receive local real estate information, ocean reports, food advice, paths to breathtaking views, hikes and beaches, plus more.hayitsalexis	haypett	hbo	hbrink1	hc	healthwarehouse	Trusted, VIPPS accredited US pharmacy reforming healthcare one prescription at a time.healthyhappier	healthylosergal	heapsofhandbags	hearnebraska	Your backstage pass to music in "The Good Life." Follow Hear Nebraska on foursquare for venue tips and more around Omaha, Lincoln and all of Nebraska! Stay tuned for HN promos…heatherdmarie	https://foursquare.com/p/heather-dmarie/41320097/updates  www.heatherdmarie.comheatherleson	heathernaut88	heatherrglass	heatherzview	heath_excessdb	heidismilde	helloitsliam	heritageauction	Founded in 1976, Heritage Auctions is the largest collectibles auctioneer and 3rd largest auction house in the world.hester_cecil	heydong	heyitsliam	heymattkirsch	heymemoirs	heyrosetta	hicandyleis	Headquartered in Kula on the island of Maui, Hawaii Candy Leis hand-makes each gourmet candy lei and ships them to customers across the United States.  Pick to have your leis filled with treats only found in Hawaii, like chocolate covered macadamia nuts, Wow-Wee Maui chocolate bars, coconut cookies, and li hing mui gummy bears.hiddnmickey80	highmuseumofart	The High Museum of Art in Atlanta is the leading art museum in the Southeastern United States with its renowned collection of classic and contemporary art and architecture by Richard Meier and Renzo Piano. Don't forget to check-in and unlock our $5 off adult admission special.highsnobiety	hij1nx	hilary_brooke	hildaagoulay	hillaryxcore	hilltoplive	Check in on foursquare for music, media, and event info for Hilltop Live . Also, check out our upcoming events! Follow us, and find out where the next party is!hiltonseattle	Follow us and check-in on foursquare. You'll discover great tips and updates for the Seattle area during your visit. We help each guest be their best by providing a familiar sense of comfort and predictability that you depend on when traveling.historychannel	Discover the history hidden in your favorite cities.hmason	hmsverige	hmusa	We offer fashion and quality at the best price for women, men and children. Create your own personal style at H&amp;M! For more information visit www.hm.com.hnldriver	Add me on twitter... same name!hobsandiego	hodgman	hofstrau	Hofstra University can help you get where you want to go with small classes, dedicated faculty and a beautiful, energized campus.holgerschmidt	holidayvalley	holleeinbalance	hollygrayhomes	Mother💓, Seattleite🌇, Realtor🏠, Director @GirlsGivingBackholmespi	Private Eye, Funny Guy, Blogger, Libertarian, Freemason, Prius Owner, Gene Hackman fan.hornokplease	horzadevil	Amant de la natura, els parcs temàtics i els fenòmens paranormals. Fill del Baix Montseny, Catalunya🐾hotbarchick	hotelinsight	hoteltonight	The ultimate way to book a last-minute hotel stay at the coolest hotels until 2am. For iPhone/iPad and Android.hottweils	houseofbrew	housesitter	Published since 1983, The Caretaker Gazette features Property Caretaking and Housesitting Listings Worldwide.housparty	hoverbird	howiek	hrhutchi	hrlori	htpotter	huertamd	huffingtonpost	huffmanaustin	hugoboss	Check in with HUGO BOSS on foursquare to get the latest tips on our favourite venues and take on cities like New York and Berlin in style!huskergirl2426	hutchmo	hyattmaui	Located on 40 oceanfront acres on famed Ka'anapali Beach offering unlimited activities and amenities in a setting of tropical luxury.hyuninc	ialen	Tough on the Outside, Soft on the Insideiamadj74	i_am_camus	iamdiddy	iamedia007	iamglennmiller	iamhoraceknight	Social Media Enthusiast! Freelance Photographer! Champion Of The Good Life! Comedian at Heart!iamjosepalma	iamkhayyam	iampauljames	iamschwei	iancr	iancrocombe	ianmackie	iboughtamac	UX/UI Designer. Defender of the universe.ibzbartenders	icecoldjd1906	iceshan	#LoveLife Twitter @iceshan, Instagram: iceshan72icharlinreyes	iconic88	iconjane	ienner	ifc	ifttt	Connect the apps you love.igifischer	iheartalgore	ihra	ijody	ijoe13	ilovegarick	iluispc	iluvmarthasvy	On Twitter &amp; Instagram: @iluvMarthasVYimabima	rabbi-mamaimdjddddave	imercuryinfo	Publisher imercury multi media group founder Happy Camp Republic  father Navy veteran Rastafarian share cropper anarcho capitalist social entrepreneur gold proim_heterosapien	inboundmarketer	VP Marketing @Apttus (Previously @Marketo), Passionate about Demand Generation, Online, Social Media &amp; Content Marketing. #B2BMarketer. Friend to @Salesforce.incslinger	Simon Salt - Author,Photographer,Speaker.indybootcamps	INDIANA'S FITNESS GUY! | Training the people is my passion! | Be fearless | Be a risk taker | Be a believer | Be a change maker | Are you ready to work?indyfitgrooms	Indianapolis Groom Boot Camp Classes &amp; Personal Training to get in shape, lose weight and look SUPER RIPPED FOR YOUR WEDDING DAY!indyfitseniors	#1 Senior Fitness Programs for ages 65 plus in the Greater Indianapolis Area!indyphotocoach	inebriation	Facebook.com/inebriation twitter.com/inebriationineedscents	inglec	ingridcamacho	innab	I love startups, small businesses, good food/restaurants, iPhone apps, fitness classes, and helping people discover cool places.inside_zappos	Follow Zappos.com on foursquare to tap into a crazy world of fun adventures. We are a service company that just happens to sell shoes, clothes and more! Create fun and a little weirdness with our tips and don't forget that if you ever need anything at all, we're open 24/7!insperityjobs	Insperity matches outstanding talent with exciting career opportunities.instantwin	instyle	Follow InStyle to discover the fashion and beauty hot spots near you and get genius tips from our team of expert editors!intel	Follow Intel on foursquare for more information about Intel booths at the various events we visit!interactivelr	interscope	Follow Interscope and check in on foursquare to unlock the music around you! You'll discover tips about artists you love including Lady Gaga, Eminem, The Black Eyed Peas, LMFAO &amp; more. Listen, discover, and share!inthescenemiami	In The Scene MIAMI provides information on the best of everything there is to experience in Miami. The ultimate “in the scene” guide for what’s happening!intlidol	inyomido	iowastyle	iphoneblog	Editor-in-Chief: iPhoneBlog.deiphonegirl	Tech blogger, social media strategist and Co- founder of Drink Social Media. Connect with me on Twitter @iphonegirliprincemb	iraisfaura	I help people lose weight, get fit and get healthy.iranparazit	irisheyes1982	irisisa	irmagurd	I love social media!  Friend me up and watch my travels!irockdenver	ironingyoutube	isaactolpin	isabelplaza1967	islss	Steve Bonacorsi is an experienced Lean Six Sigma Management Consultant with +20 years of process improvement experience for 29 Fortune 100 Companies.isonnydiaz	israadiputra	isurrender	itsdbravo	itskeylimepie	itsmejoolie	ittsssdomi	itwentviral	itylera	ivillage	Follow us to unlock awesome (and helpful!) tips in everything from entertainment to style to food to parenting. We promise to make your life a little easier... and of course, more fun!ivonamission	www.ivonamission.com www.forbiddentaste.comiwrestledahoerm	Social worker, traveling around the world.iywkeywest	izdo_imusic	j0ey25	Loving life!!!j2d2j2d2	jacecooke	jackiebassett	jackinessity	Girl Mostly Kind of in Charge, FrontRowAnticsjacksonjey	jack_the_mc	You love it.jackwagner54	Networking, learning and engaging with other like minded professionals is my passion.jackwrigley	Yo.jackyyiwu	jacobdfriedman	jacquiemcmullin	j_ag	jaimarie13	contact@jaimarie.com✈️http://imdb.me/Jaimarie13 Actress/Writer/Blogger/YouTuber/EndoSister/Gianna'sMom❤️Wife of @sammymangopants http://Instagram.com/Jaimarie13jaimesuarez78	jakedylan101	jakefournyay	jakelichtenstei	jaketweetwell	jakubptacin	jaldous	jamaicanewsblog	jambajuice	Check-in with Jamba Juice on foursquare to see what we’re blending up. Check back for more fun to come!jamescaskey	james_draper	jameshuerta	jamessotoism	jamestrobo	Frequently witty, always fresh.  www.JamesTRobo.comjameyrivera	jamiehayesart	Art. Music. Mardi Gras. New Orleans. Music.jamieleecrum	add me on facebook at http://www.facebook.com/jamieleeisme and my business at http://www.theglassmall.com  ciaooo everyone ;)jamienyc	jamieoliver	janenation	jangkriki	janieliz19	janina_marie	jaqyouup	jasonbakeraz	jasoncastellani	Automotive AfterSales Business consultant, health food nut, vegan, adventurer, Philadelphia sports fan stuck living in North Jersey.jasoncoffee	jasonfox_me	Puget Sound Real Estate http://www.themadronagroup.comjasonkeath	Founder and CEO of Social Freshjasonmoriber	Drawing insights from data, behavior, and emergent trends. Work @webershandwick. My recent post on Trust as a Currency: http://jasn.it/RHDDt3jasonmrudolph	jasonsudbury871	jasonwitkes	jasonyi924	Finance/accounting executive with a passion for art, cooking, and music.jasync66	jaumesanchez	jawadansari	jayadrathsingh	jayc4164	jaycbee	jayded_dreams	DAY IN THE LIFE OF A BEAUTY BLOGGING,  MAKEUP WEARING, COFFEE DRINKING, FASHION OBSESSED BEAUTY SHOPAHOLIC.  www.jaydeddreaming.comjayfenster	jayhen9	jazamina	jaznijjar	jazznowseattle	Follow us and check in to the jazz venues in Seattle to unlock limited edition badges of honor as a true Seattle jazz head! You can win valuable prizes and be the envy of all your friends.jazzyjade45	jbf68jlt	jbomm28	jbrobs	jbrotherlove	web developer/designer. lifestreamer. music connoisseur. buddhist. social critic. gourmand. defender of lgbtpoc.jcaboyte	jcarillo	jcinis	Becoming The Void.jdwright58	Living the good life with my favorite wife.jeabson	Jesus Esta voltando, vc está preparado...jeaniehornung	jeaniekiser	Jeanie Kiser is a social media enthusiast researching alternative communication products and strategies for the benefit of small business owners.jeannemariepics	jeanniecw	jeelsays	jeep	jeffcutler	jeffdaas	jeffdachis	jeffinsell	jeffrey3063	Instagram: jeffrey3063jeffreyhansler	jeffrey_stiles	jen_corn	jencotton	jendey	jeneen7	jenicemarie	jenjenre	jenmitlas	Sound designer and composer for media. I love neoclassical progressive metal, lord of the rings, BSG, smoothies, and other stuff.jenmoses	jennicake	jenniferadaeze	jennifered	jenniferlauren6	jennlynnmorris	Restaurant marketing &amp; PR professional by day, foodie by night.jennmatilla	jennofthieves	jenn_rudolph	jennybondurant	jennylup	jenshuemaker	jenuwine	jenw87	jen_walters	Beverage queen. coffee, microbrews, happy hour! I also love exploring new foods - gastropubs, farm to table gems and local hidden yummies.jer979	jeremiah	jeremiahaja	jeremiah_allen	jeremygimbel	jeremypalmer	jeromeshaw	jerrylin	jerseygrl	jespersmogensen	jess3	CEO @ JESS3jesscnascimento	Amo td q é bom: Deus, my family, amigos. Meu hobby é passear, comer e malhar mto. Sou do tipo q ri engraçado com a mão na barriga, pede licença e diz obrigada!jesse_s_smith	jessgetssocial	jessicakm2	jessicalawrence	jessicam7111	Ad vitum, amoris, et felicitatus prosecutionem.jessicaneale84	jessicanorthey	Speak fluent hashtag, movie quotes &amp; snarkasm. Own more domain names than shoes. Founder #HeySTAR &amp; Country Music's #CMchat  Sales/PR cmchatlive.com/contactjessicapoter	jessicaqchen	jessiedean	jessikag	jessrachel	jestershash	jetsetjamesy	j_hershh	jhski	Welcome to the official Jackson Hole Mountain Resort Foursquare page. Follow us to find tips about Jackson Hole, both on and off the mountain. You can also find us on Twitter @jhski, Facebook, JH Tapped and our mobile site.jillboc	jillhanner	jilliangelati	jilliebug	jimangel2	jimbradysp	jimcaruso	Global technology evangelist. Speak, write, publicize. Enable teams. PR, Marketing, Social Media, Web. Technology. Semantic Web. InfoSec. Drupal. Early adopter.jimgrayonline	artist and church relations at VisionTrust.jimkukral	jimmystyle	jimohagan	jimprosser	jineshgheeya	jkcallas	jkennedy93	Digital Strategist &amp; Marketing Pro. Treasurer of the Triangle Interactive Marketing Association. Love 5 Bucks is Change, scuba, dancing &amp; living a full life.jlgoldfarb	Professor da PUC SP Coordenador de projetos de incentivo à leitura Ativista cultural nas redes sociaisjlopez255	I am me and me is all that can be :)jmj427	jmpmn	jmrisso	j_nb	jnegretti	jnellyblly	jniedfeldt	jnjoiner	joann0173	joannabarbie	joannerighetti	joanwebb	jobantum	jociito	jodybossert	Hair Salon Founding Partner, Haunted Attraction Consultant, Marketing Consultant, F&amp;AM, Youth Sports Coach, Seahawks and Mariners Fanjoe_bauer	joeclucas	joedynamite	joekanakaraj	Love all things snowboarding, sports, javascript and skeeball.  Syracuse iSchool grad.joelalvarado	joelburns	Joel Burns is a former City of Fort Worth, Texas Councilman.joelgascoigne	Founder of Buffer, a smarter way to share. Focused on the lean startup approach and customer happiness. I'm always learning and love to help :) me@joel.isjoeluong	joelyoh	joemarchese	joemcb	Improviser, Programmer @ BustedTees.comjoemfbrown	joemirabella	Living in Seattle with my husband, dog and two cats.joewmarshall	joeyhodges	http://about.me/joehodges  twitter: @joeyhodges_joeysmacks	joha99	mehr als 30 Jahre im IT-Businessjohaneckman	johanne1975	Just an average welsh girl Twitter @johanne1975johnbiggs	johnbkost	johnbpetersen	I build startups at Firehawk Creative. Previously founded NYCDevShop &amp; NYTechDay. I sometimes struggle to be a real person and often act like a 12 year old boyjohncpacker	johnedetroit	johnem1969	johngarcia	johnny_dubois	johnnystorm0	johnshopkins	joinred	jojo197472	jonathan360	jonathanbasker	jonathanesmith	Director of Technology at Faith Ministries, President at MBS, Inc., author, traveler, space nut, foodie, professional geek.jonathanjddavis	jonlandrum	\\//_ Live long and prosper.jonmarkgo	co-founder of Major League Hackingjon_peachey	jonshappy	jonsherrell	jonwolffmusic	jordanadrell	jordanchris	jordan_danger	On a road trip from 5/21 - 6/30jordanenglish	jordanlemon	jordanmabe	jordanmaddocks	jordanorelli	jordanrr83	jordiaraz	www.jordiaraz.comjorenerene	Founder of Prosper Agency. Chief Technology Officer at Literary Manhattan. President at World Financial Center Toastmasters. Loved. How can I help you?josecarlosneira	josephmorin	Cofounder &amp; CEO of SelfieW.me : Advisory Board Klout, Reel SEO, Lear Boats.Board member of Open Medicine Foundationjoshdeckerdal	Realtor. Lifelong Texan. Dallas Resident. Learning whatever I can, from whoever I can In this journey know as life. www.dallasluxurylifestyles.comjoshkersey	joshknowles	joshm	joshphilperez	joshuadavies	joshuagates	joshuaschwimmer	Hi, I'm a nephrologist (that's a kidney and blood pressure specialist), general doctor, and health tech advisor in New York City.joshuaseale	joshuavjohn	josiahway	josselinmo	joy9017	joycemsullivan	#SocialMedia Strategy | #Financial Services | #Founder #CEO @SocMediaFin | http://about.me/joycemsullivan | great life w 4 rescued cats 2 kids 1 husband | NYCjoymachelle	joyofhawaii	jpick528	jprobitaille	jpunishill	jrachelle7	jrhunt	Wannabe outer-space pythonaut. Will code for food and beer. Developer Evangelist at AWS. Formerly of MongoDB, NASA, SpaceX.jrocke217	single father of three, conservative, christian, st. louis cardinals &amp; fighting illini, run cardinals best news links &amp; cardinals winter link, work at kraftjr_saez	jrsocialmedia	jruggiero	jrypglsk	jsamuraitp	jsmith6266	jsnflwrs	jspepper	About me here: about.me/jspepperjsrainey216	jsullivanj	jtagomori	jtotheatothec	jtrotmanjr	jtucker65	Obama supporter, mom, concerned citizen, volunteer, news junkie, #DitchMitch2014jtw90210	__juanantonio__	juanctirado	jubbabubba	juhfroiss	Lute diante das coisas dificeis de sua vida com amor e sabedoria, para que um dia você possa olhar para trás e dizer: Foi dificil, mas venci !!!juhokokkola	juiceroyal	juicy_couture	julenreal	_juliane_	juliaroy	julia_witt	julieford808	Local girl after 20 years in Hawaii. Mom of a crazy toddler. Owner of Schweitzer Consulting, a PR consultancy.julierasmussen	jumastorga	jumperchick11	juni_dsm	jus7corona	juskeepsweating	Health and fitness blogger! Www.justkeesweating.comjustaudrey	justicemitchell	A Creative, Social, Content Professional: #Storyteller #Blogger #Speaker #CreativeDirector #Designer #Shutterbug #Theorist #Teacher #Metalhead #Friend &amp; #Fatherjustinkeppler	justinlevy	justinseago	justjulie	Social + Content + Influencer Managerjustushammond	jvivij	jwhelton	jwillie	A character w/character, SharePoint, CX, Digital Workplace-Internal Comms-Speaker-Triathlete ❤️Chicago &amp; NYC - it’s fun to have fun but you have to know how!jwindm	jwithrow115	jwzhanggy	jymben	Casting Director Website: www.JymBenzing.comkace_marie	kahbang	Follow us on Foursquare and explore The KahBang Festival music | art | film - the biggest party of the summer!  Check out venues, concerts, film screenings, art exhibitions, panels, and parties.  Who knows, maybe we'll leak some insider information regarding secret shows and events to our Foursquare faithful!  KahBang 2011 - August 5th-13thkailafreckle	kaileecrawford	kalafralala	kantaap	karaph	karengarcia	karidilloo	karinali	kar_inthegarage	karlaenriquez75	karmacoma77	Team Scorpio | Japanese anime | beared men and tattoos  | team Los Angeles hiking  trails|movie buff | IGbroskiboobear  🚴💎💎kassidyv	katebuckjr	katedickman	kategardiner	katehudson1017	katespadeny	katespeer24	katfell1	kathleen_khan	Works with Thrive Madagascar - helping the poor -  http://thrivemadagascar.org.aukathyhogeveen	Mother, Web Presence Consultant, Trainer/Speaker. I am passionate about people, technology, helping others, personal and professional development.katieblaine	katiecouric	Single mom, talk show host (@katieshow airs weekdays!!)katieheines	katieirv	katjapresnal	Owner/editor-in-chief of Skimbaco Lifestyle global lifestyle online magazine. Social media strategist. Author of "Instagram as your guide to the World."kat_opie	katpenwell	katrinaajohnson	@KatrinaAJohnson www.facebook.com/KatrinaAJohnsonFankatttnip	katyjack	kayak	Snippets, tips, news, and musings from your favorite travel site.  While we can't check you into hundreds of physical sites at once, we CAN help you compare hundreds of travel websites at once.kayakvee	kaylazerby	kayt_marie	kazab	Live, laugh, eat, drink.kcrw	KCRW drops tips and tidbits of knowledge all over LA. From the best venues to catch a fun storytelling night or your favorite Indie band, to the restaurants and bars that have captured the attention of our family of foodies!   Los Angeles-based public radio station KCRW is one of the most respected and progressive radio stations in the world, featuring an eclectic mix of independent music, NPR news, talk and arts programming.kdub82	kearnold87	kebwilson	An ambivalent, naked, irreverent, imperfect, messy, hectic, pedagogical rockstar.keefmoon	keewood	kegill	Foodie in training; writer/rider (moto); educator.keitharsenault	keithfrench	Entrepreneur, Real Estate Investor, Coach &amp; Speaker, Internet Marketer, and lover of red wine, very spicy food, hiking, and just enjoying life now!keithpepper	kelleyapril	kelleyfogle	kellishives	kellybean_3	kelly_clarkson	kellyemiles	kellypurkey	The world is my oyster.kellyrkassen	kellythul	kelmoneysigney	kelseytailor	Treasure hunter.kenbot	kenfucious	kennychesney	kentspeakman	www.KentSpeakman.comkenyonmaree	kenziesxxxworld	Model/stoner/badasskermittheb	keshasuxx	keuduraes	kevingmann	kevin_goldberg	kevinmarks	kevin_m_king	kevinrose	kevinrzuber	kevinurie	kfc_colonel	kg	kickball365	kikapimenta	killertuna	kim	http://web.kimkimarketing	kimhollenshead	kim_sfb	kinlane	API Evangelist, Tech Gypsy, Open Data, Gov Hacker and Fatherkipdurney	kipnisstudios	Cinema &amp; TV Media Technology Integrator &amp; Home Theater Designer - HD &amp; UHD Audio &amp; Video Capture and Masteringkiro7seattle	Follow us and check in on foursquare to learn about news stories happening near you and to learn about points of interest in your neighborhood.kiss957	kiss_janitorial	kisstheboy	kjohnston5	kk	https://www.kriskrug.cokkoba33	ジャズやクラシックを中心にライブ巡り。寺巡り。温泉巡りを楽しんでいます。ピアノ、サックス、バイオリンが好み。夜の渋谷、吉祥寺、新宿、池袋、水道橋、六本木周辺を散策しています。klauseck	klseypayne	kmessenpreis	kmilne	kmsieminski	knibbcraig	Son, brother, partner, uncle, Pisces, love to cookknight3k	koelbel	koelnformat	koichisan	komalley11	kosame06	If I'm not at a coffee shop, I'm probably outside or at some space placekosei1192	大阪で単身赴任しています。 よろしくお願いしますm(._.)mkosherfoodies	You already follow us in the kitchen; see where we eat when we're out!kourtneelynne	kpgalligan	kp_in140	kprobbins	kr3yolr3ko	kreatebranding	krestylz	Positively positive!kristaashton	krista_parry	kristathomas	VP Marketing at Fan Appz, Inc. We help brands convert fans into customers and turn good customers into great ones.kristen_mercier	kristensavage	kristenskimom	kristerdunn	kristiewells	kristinaspinney	Just Survive Somehowkristinaweise	krochmal	krynsky	krystahynes	krystalwoman	krystyl	The hero of this life story.krzimmer	kslicer	kturrini	kuhn	kulmer15	kurtclark	IT professional with a penchant for coffee, cameras, and classic cars.kurtkelly	Kurt Kelly Voice Over Artist-Actor, Producer-Director. Kurt Kelly Entertainment &amp; Broadcast http://t.co/CZJPcrNS http://t.co/AsL0WfRi http://t.co/NTUwFur4kurweb	kw70	kwmcmillan	Filmmaker, Photographer, Musician, and giver of Wiiings.kylaapplegate	kylebunch	kyledeb	kylesmith0509	kymnasium	l0hi	l4g0s	Meh!l4u124	labdesign	lacarguy	ladybug0280	ladyluck_02	ladyniki_59	I am in my own business and a webmaster for my sites.  My other site is  http://sodiesinc.com/laignelet	Welcome! I am a CRM, ERP, Information Systems, social networks, social media expert, builder and professor Owner of the Trusbuilders brand.lalehfarrah	lalitbhojwani	lalleclausen	lalupuslady	Thriving with Lupus in LA. Passionate about sharing and finding the flair, while avoiding a flare. #LupusStylelamhookem	Texan in NYC. Marathoner. Believer.lamos20	lancelfc	lane_bailey	Northwest native; husband, father, grandfather and friend.  Define my life by family, friends, music and social networking interests...not by my job title.lanivoivod	Mom, wife, lover of life, speaker, dreamer, #AhaSummit founder, Ally in Possibility at @EpiphaniesInc w/ @AllenVoivod. ♥ 2 inspire, collaborate, play, LAUGH!larry84bln	lathonjames	Rejoicing, that I can have a part in this world of E-commerce at a time like this. We www.Prohittingcages.com providing you with baseball &amp; softball equipment.laughingsquid	A daily dose of art, culture and technology from around the world. We are also a web hosting company that focuses on hosting WordPress.laurably	laurabradbury	lauraknapp	A Hoosier living in LA via NYC &amp; Dallas. Social media marketer interested in all-things fashion, fitness/wellness &amp; food (healthy food). Founder of @SoSpotMedialauralynnsings	laurelslutsky	laurenapn	Nurse Practitioner 💉💊🩺🥼👩‍⚕️ Philadelphia/New Jersey Beach lover 🌊☀️ Fitness 💪🏋️🚲🏃‍♀️ Craft beer snob and foodie 🍺🍻 Married ♥️💍laurenashleys	lauren_foster	laurenjbuchman	I'm a gluttonlauren_m_porter	lauriann1113	laweeklystreet	lawonders	lawrenceyeah	TEDster, 4 TEDx events curator, TEDtoChina Director, spreading TEDtalks to millions viewers // Global Digital &amp; Social Networking Director for a top companylazarusross	lchamberlin	lchoor	lcityinventory	ldaley06	leadinghotels	leahlovin	leahmarie519	learntopreserve	leclairdave	I'm the events guy. Looking for something fun and different? Find the Seattle Fun Events group on Facebook.leejwallace	ALL KINDZ 0F FITNESS Personal Training &amp; Remedial/Sports Massage  Facebook.com/allkindzoffitnessle_fino	legendenlagoni	legendjy	leighton78	leilali39426164	lensajohor	leolaporte	Podcaster, broadcaster, tech pundit. The Tech Guy on the Premiere Radio Networks. Founder and Chief TWiT at twit.tv.leotwit	leroidetasse	lesliempr	letkevin	lexiinny	leyla_a	Eat, drink, travel, sleep and repeat.lfatzinger	family guy |  entrepreneur | runner | minimalistlgloco	liamquinn71	libationbitch	libawr	libbydoodle	My job: inspire &amp; equip kids to pursue their dreams @ Challenger Center. My dream: Space. With God at the helm, life is an adventure! Opinions = my ownlibedon	lifeinparadise	✈ Luxury Travel &amp; Entrepreneurship in Hawaii. Event Planning &amp; Social Media from Maui ♥ Life is good ♥ See you in Paradise.  TKO☼MAUI☼LVlifeisbetteron	lifeisporno	Crew of artists based in Prague. Spreading the Life is Porno lifestyle around the world. And running an own streetwear brand among other projects.lightofatlantis	I want to share this vital information with you. There is no need to suffer or lack anything that you want. Life is for you to en-Joy! This is your birthrightlilich	liljeffiejeff	lillyann	lilsmarsh	lilyshumleung	linazza	Profesora, sureña, amante de los animales y mi familia. mi Profesión es lo que más me gusta hacer a diario.lindalopez	lindsaykap	lindsayyyloo	lindzshaw	linthecity	lisa1920pm	lisap	lisavaren1	liscallelura	lisetterocco	lishypants25	litlfaiv	liveartsfringe	livedeified	livenationshows	livingsocial	LivingSocial is the local marketplace to buy and share the best things to do in your city.livngrawbygrace	lizasperling	Alpha girl, forever in beta.lizmacload	married to a wonderful manlizskoczylas	lizstrauss	lizzau	lizzie_mcd	Social Media Manager @mcdonaldscorp.  Passionate football fan. Mom, cop wife &amp; coupon queen. Voracious reader. Love penguins &amp; Lemonheads. Opinions are my own.ljaniszewski8	Married with 4 kids 3 girls and a boylmsagency	Aspiring Queen, Social Junkie, Owner of LMS Agency Inc, World Champ High-Fiver, Athlete, Professional Laugher.logotv	Want expert dish on the most absolutely fabulous places from coast to coast? Follow LogoTV and get served tips from experts, actors and drag queens!lolinroflin	london2012	lontae_j	looooren	The answer to "champagne?" is always yes.lordofthedawn	Ordinary. Yet different. Realtor who covers the Greater Philadelphia area.... and a few other places tooloriruff	Chief Brand Champion -- joinALPFA.org... Love connecting in this uber connected world! Watch for me live..  I don't always check in! Fnd me on Facebook.loryivey	los_corrales	twitero opinante e informadolosing100lbs	losingwithww	lotekjunky	louiebaur	louisvuitton	Follow us on Foursquare for tips on the secret luxuries and classic details on our favorite hotspots around the world.louplaia	Co-Founder of ReverbNationloveablelion	lovejaycakes	lovethecool	Founderloveyoukisses	Owner of Event Static. Lover of Fashion/Pink/Purple/Sparkle. Drinker of Starbucks. Watcher of BGC/GG/PLL. Follow ES on FourSq: www.foursquare.com/eventstatic Xoloxie	Geek :)loxly	lpt365	lsh	ltizzle3	lucascookmusic	lucas_pvplabel	Graphic designer of PVPLabel. #pvplabel #maat #diversitylucellianeves	lucho4ever	luciafelix4	luciencoy	Part creative, part strategist. Interested in (= nerdy about) type, food, advertising, music, and so much more.lucienengelen	luckymag	Shop where Lucky editors shop and get exclusive insider tips and deals! Plus: Visit our favorites and you’ll unlock the Lucky Elite Shopper badge.lucyssanchez	luisonline1988	Let me explain the business to invite you to join via email.  The company will pay $ 1 for enrolling people in our website, if you sign up 5 people in the buslukasjanousek	lukeaf	Aussie expat, adopted New Yorkerlukeslytalker	Stand Out in the Crowd - www.NateBal.comlukexmartin	lululemon	Creating components for people to live long, healthy and fun lives.lulusilky	lunaparkconeyis	lusciousnyc	lushaj	lvebugucf	lvmannequins	lyndalpn	lyndsey1226	lynneluvah	lynnettefreeman	m0ndler	m155l34	maanumodex	O que mais aprecio nas pessoas: A sinceridade acima de qualquer coisa, por mais dura que seja qualquer verdade sempre é melhor do que uma desculpa qualquer.macgva	macktastica	macys	Follow us and unlock the magic of Macy's! Get the scoop on must-have fashion, exclusive offers, and beloved events from your favorite store.mad_dawn	A traveler, a dancer, and a practical dreamer, the MAD DAWN Challenge project guinea pig, set on making the world a better place. http://maddawnchallenge.netmadeinamericasc	madewell1937	One thing hasn’t changed since we started making jeans in 1937: the love &amp; attention to detail we put into everything we design—down to the last  stitch.madonna	Musician, Singer, Entertainer, Actress, Director.maerkestok	mager	Code @ Ubermaggiosplace	Family owned and operated, Maggio's has been offering spectacular food and impeccable service since 1976.magj	magnificent_78	magnolfi	mahmoudjuma	My dream is when people see me they think that guy made my life better. Blogger, learner, BSEI, happily married.maileshoul	maira48114341	makeupartist524	Makeup artist. Aesthetician. Dancer. Movie snob. Silly goose.makmakdaddy	maldanir	malibubrandy7	malmil	mamay2	mameres	mammothmountain	mancinelli1	mandybrownn	mandyschu	maneeeka	manhunt	Follow Manhunt on Foursquare for Tips on the best gay  nightlife, dining, and hanging out! Because we know where ALL the hot guys are in your area.manicureaddict	mar1ellas	marathongary	marathonjunkie	marcioneivamart	marcmanalang	Foodie at heart.marco_demerling	marcweil	margaaareeta	margie228	mariaciampa	mariajesusv	marianatete1	mariatucker3	marieclaire	mariegolds	marieguerralyce	I am the youngest of 4 children. I am from Houston TX. I am also hispanic,  cajun french, catholic and adore my family! Enjoy the movies and travelingmarinatregubova	mariners	mariobatali	mariosundar	marisalalli	marissalk85	markaboudreau	➲Find out why companies hire me - Marketing Expert - Local/Social/National | New Media - PR, Social Media | G+ Xpert | www.linkedin.com/in/markaboudreumarketingm8	markfidelman	markriffey	marksnyd	markvogler	Founder http://www.outinthevineyard.com LGBT Lux Wine Travel &amp; Event Co. Social Media Maniac, Online Marketer &amp; a passionate traveler of all 7 Continents.markwhiting	Interested in better design.   PhD candidate @CarnegieMellon, visiting scholar @KAIST, founded @TEDxKAIST, working with @WindfireDesigns.  I adore elegance.marquisstyling	Fashion stylist / Blog writer / AND a fuckin´ Maniac/ ♥ http://coramarquis-styling.blogspot.demarscuriosity	marshacollier	Just me, a writer who loves what i domarshallstrattn	marthadear	martinasaucy	martingarza	father of two, fiancé of one, 4th generation Texan, Catholic #KoC, #soccer player/ref, @TexasDIR #IT guy ♎martiniolives	martynrdavies	marvinjr	I am married,Christian and retired after working 38yrs for one company I and my wife love network marketing and meeting new friends online:)))marybaum20	maryforrest	mashable	masonlv	Southern Glazers Wine &amp; Spirits NVmassander	mat	matias_carrozzi	maticxhr	matik72	mattable	mattannerino	mattbuchanan	mattdanzico	mattdusk	matthewjleblanc	matthewliberty	matthewmaysonet	Curator of Creative Excellence.  Agent for Talent.  Proponent of Change.  Nothing in this world is free.  Unless it sucks.matthewtennant	matthiaslimmer	mattmuller20	matt_nelson	mattpeelsea	mattwromero	mattyb123	matty_beats	matty_yu	maureen_jacobs	mauriciobritto5	mauriciodeniro	mavraganis	Energetic creative with experience in conceptualizing ideas, writing and editing.maxdembow	Financial Representative at Northwestern Mutualmaxmuscleva1364	maxsaintjust	mayerreich	mayfairtheatre	Ottawa's home of stuff you won't see anywhere else. Spinning reels since '32.mayhemstudios	Award-winning designer/brand strategist. Twitter addict livin' n breathin' #SocialMedia. Featured in Forbes, Wired, Huff Post, Mashable. Also nicest guy in #LAmazdausa	mbcharlotte	mbilt	mbl	mbmakara	mboughton	Mark Boughton began his commercial advertising photography career over 15 years ago.  Mark is known for creating eye-catching images and building relationships.mburnsws	mcd_detroit	mchammer	mcm180	mcomeslast	mcrenshawatl	mcurtis808	mdjerome	mdmonseau	measurecp	mebuell	medicalquack	medmike	The renaissance scientist: Emergency physician - medical troubleshooter, former @DrOz Clinical Director - innovator, policy guy.megameetei	Kik: megameetei Instagram :megameetei WeChat: megameetei Twitter :@megameetei Line: megameetei Weibo:megameetei_2012 Keek: megameetei QQ :2564516371meganbrownrn	megan_calimbas	megan_foro	megbutton	meg_e_jones	meghanbpetersen	#keeping it classy always. #happilytaken #nursing#student. I love my sisters, my pets, the sun, and boozemeghanpgill	Live in NYC, work at 10gen/MongoDB.meghugs	Ape descendant. Writer. Photographer. Star Trek fanatic. Grizzlies lover. http://ishoweredfornothing.com_meglet	megraegrady	meisikai	梅思凯melanie1825	melebear	melgordon	melissagomez	melissajwalker	melissalikes	Art and design lover and Instagram addict living in DTLAmelissa_mjp	melissyk	mellowaz	Awesome pizza,  LOTS of craft beer, hoagies, salads, &amp; a GREAT Happy Hour: 3-6 M-F, 1/2 off alcohol &amp; appetizers; Reverse HH, same deals, 10p-2a every day.me_max	I am who I am. Explore more at www.about.me/maxmendozamemelaroo	menshealthmag	Men's Health magazine is your ultimate guide to fitness, health, weight loss, nutrition, sex, style and guy wisdom.menum01	meowbetch	mercedes841	mercuryx	merrybubbles	metakeaphoto	Photographer &amp; etc.metmuseum	metrofocus	Earn points with WNET's MetroFocus on foursquare and discover culture, tips and news in and around New York. MetroFocus is a multiplatform local news magazine covering culture and life throughout the tri-state region.metromix	metronews	meyersmt	mfcmag	Teacher. Entrepreneur. Google Lover.mg	mgallops	Michael Gallops consults on weight loss surgery, exercise &amp; diet. www.facebook.com/pages/Michael-Gallops-Forward-Circle-Associate-FC-1266/893686450650394.m_gilles	mh	product designer: jawbone.micah	micah03	micahsch	micek	michaelamcgrady	michaelbmoore	michaeldrico	Oye! Graduate of @StMarysU, big brother of @TXRICO22, obstacle course racing and Crossfit take up my free time.michaelebailey	I am me and I am the best me I can be, and that is all I could ever possibly be.michaelfconnors	michaelgibbs77	michaelkelbaugh	michaelrburcham	michaelvinson	michaelwaisjr	michealnose	michelleatheart	michelledozois	michelle_o	michelreverte	Information, Communication, Media, Networking → http://www.michelreverte.commichigangoblue	mick_gill	I am interested in Technology, Internet, Gadgets, Social Media, Lifestyle News &amp; Opinion.©midtownlunchla	migs5150	mikeacosta2	mikeadamsphotog	mike_arter	mikecurrey	mikedreyden	I'm just a guy from Brooklyn, who's in the movies and gets to play on stage. Currently in The English Usher as Tyler. It's a dark comedy.mikekarnj	mikeoneilrocks	I am The LinkedIn Rockstar.mikep1970	mikeposner	mikeschiemer	Social Media | Digital Marketer | Author of "The $10 Digital Media Startup" | Frugal Entrepreneur | SEO | IG @MichaelJSchiemer  www.MyFrugalBusiness.commikescollins	miketruong	T: @miketruong | F: /mktrngmikewesterberg	mikewnuk	mikeyames	mikulsky	millerse1	minderelly9	mindofandre	mindofrob	mindonwine	I travel, sell, drink wine &amp; even more coffee. And I do them all whenever I can!mineall5	minniepixiestyx	miquelgomis	mirage9988	mirandagrace2	miranmaric	miriamtorrente	miro_bear	mischiefinvegas	Me in a 140 characters just can't be done. I am awesomely awesome. That is all u need to know.missalyss04	Lovin married life.misscaterina	misshope	missingsonics	misskelly1022	misslyz	missmason	misspauleena	Italian, food lover, obsessed with Michael Kors and the color red. You'll most likely find me in the shoe aisle of department stores.misspickles2	I am now Mrs.Cobb as of feb 15 2013 and I am so happymissria	Philly girl with lots of sassiness and spark..missrogue	Early adopter, interdisciplinarian, Social &amp; Digital marketing pioneer, Author, speaker, entrepreneur, Food-a-holic, Shop-a-holic, etc.miss__rose143	misssarasays	missshawnashley	misswetapatel	misterboh	mistersugar	misterthibodeau	mitchykov	mithrandir13	mittromney	Official Foursquare page for Mitt Romney. Follow Mitt as he checks in at events along the campaign trail.mizcardio	mizzdenamarie	Daughter of the Most High... Fiercely love my family and friends and I enjoy spending time with them. Life, love and other mysteries...mj_loop	LOOP's CEO. Award winning digital agency in Salzburg (HQ), NYC, Sydney, Berlin and Copenhagen. Sleepless. Looking for awesome ideas.mjtski	Nerd, Fireman, fitness enthusiast, Disney fanatic.m_julio_c_h	mktgnerd	mktgnutz	Marketing Nutz is a social media, digital, brand training and consulting agency that helps businesses inspire, connect and grow communitiesmladykreativec	mliimatta	Chief Academic Officer at City Vision College, President of Connecting for Good, Social Entrepreneur, Consultant to nonprofit organizationsmlktoscl	about.me/mlktosclmllyssa	mls	Follow us and check in on foursquare to discover great tips about Major League Soccer in YOUR town - where our players hang out, where our coaches plan for games, and where our supporters celebrate their success (and drown their sorrows) together.mmalkoff	mobea	Live Simply, Laugh Often &amp; Love Always. Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒmodelinia	modelmandylynn	Account of Playboy Model and VH1 Reality Star Mandy Lynn!modern_gent	mohondangsawa	moirasm	mojays32	mojism	moknowshomes	mollysbrawley	molyali	mommamarie824	Wife&amp; mother! I'm blessed ❤mommari46	Enjoying this journey they call life for the first time in years.  .momx3deb	moniquemontague	monsieurakoiin	monsterenergy	Most companies spend their money on ad agencies, TV commercials, radio spots, and billboards to tell you how good their products are. At Monster, we choose none of the above. Instead, we support the scene, our bands, our athletes and our fans. We back athletes so they can make a career out of their passion. We promote concert tours, so our favorite bands can visit your home town. We celebrate with our fans and riders by throwing parties and making the coolest events we can think of a reality.montaebryant	mooneychan	mooreisbetter	morethanawesome	motiv8ed_2bfit	motorphilia	motosanricambi	RICAMBI E ACCESSORI MOTO - SCOOTER - ENDURO - KTM - PIT BIKE - Il negozio è solo on line, e-commerce, siamo presenti anche su eBay. info@moto-san.com , Giacomomouseadventure	mpaulso1	mpie8	mr_adri	mrflip	mrjke	mr_joshhern	mrlitke	mrsbaddabing	mrskutcher	ms	msf_usa	Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is an international medical humanitarian organization working in nearly 70 countries to assist people whose survival is threatened by violence, neglect, or catastrophe.msh	msholtz	msimp	ms_jackson124	captain of the cool kids.msjadeb	msjohannie	mslauraliu	msmarys120	ms_mcmillen	msmeshelle	Mommy first... Seahawks fan 2nd..  Im probably as real as it gets..  no gimmicks or clever bio quotes.. just Shellymsoltanifar	Founder of Link to Poland - Portal about Business, Education and Tourism in Poland: www.linktopoland.commsspence1	msteechur	mswz	mtn_dew	Stay updated on where the DEW team's at &amp; get tips from our favorite athletes, musicians, and DEW drinkers.mtomasetti	mtv	This is the official Foursquare account for MTV! Follow us for music and TV related tips from around the globe, and chances to win trips to our biggest events!mtvstyle	The home of music and fashion.mukawam	muralibala	musatariq	museummodernart	The Museum of Modern Art is a place that fuels creativity, ignites minds, and provides inspiration. Follow us on Foursquare to get tips on what's cool and new at MoMA—and leave some yourself. Share tips on your visit to MoMA, whether it’s checking out great art in our exhibitions, films, and lectures, or just enjoying time with friends. And a badge could be considered an artwork too…musiccitytaxi	musiccoaching	muthmedia	muzicluver28	mvaughn1174	mwilliford	mydeco	mygdal	myheritage	mykalus	_mynxie	myphillyalive	myspashop	Owner of Natural Resources Spa Consulting and mySpaShop.com. Retail Spa and Hospitality expertise.mystanwood	mytunez	n4_bb	BlackBerry News, Reviews, FAQs, Leaks, Helpn8thesk8	Elated father. Digital dude. Sundance. Seahawks, yo.nailsandheels	nakaekou	nakedcitylv	nakiasideas	FORWARD thinker, Entrepreneurial expander, and Jesus lover!!!  Let's chat!  @nakiasideasnalitman	namakuwidya	nananepo	nancyorganizes	Green tea-obsessed, Jesus-loving, purposefully-manic professional organizer who considers it her mission in life to bring more joy and less stress into yours.nancypelosi	Checking-in from San Francisco and Washington, DC--and in between--as House Democrats work to strengthen America's middle class and create jobs. Plus tips on San Francisco treasures...and great chocolate!nancytoby	nandimak	Professional SEO/SEM/SMM, Web 2.0 Marketer/Designer, Researcher, Secretarial Works, db Administrator &amp; Translatornandonco	nandos_official	naneguardiola	napoleonsmith	nasa	nashvillesounds	Triple-A Affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewersnashvillesymph	The Nashville Symphony is dedicated to achieving the highest standard for excellence in musical performance and educational programsnat1may	natalieafleming	natalielent	nateriggs	natgeo	natgeotraveler	nathalykolp	nathanhoy	nathanpdub	Electronic music maker   @mdrnmusicnationalpost	Discover the story behind the places you thought you knew with the NATIONAL POST and foursquare! Follow us for restaurant reviews, recommendations, contextual stories and more. With tips added in major Canadian cities and around the world every week, there's always something new to discover, wherever you may go.natnatd	nat_salazar3689	natxocastro	naughtyafarias	naveen	co-founder, foursquare.nayu27	nbaf	nbcphiladelphia	Follow NBC10 Philadelphia for local news, historical tips and more from The City of Brotherly Love. We’ll check-in from the field to make sure you know what's going on in Philadelphia. Have a suggestion? Let us know.nbcpolitics	NBC News and Foursquare have teamed up to map out the 2012 presidential election. Visitors are able to see where each of the GOP candidates are making campaign stops in real-time, and where they've been throughout their entire election campaign.nbcthevoice	ncaa	ncpssm	Follow us and check in on foursquare to become better-informed citizens and voters on the importance of Social Security and Medicare to our nation. Discover tips on reaching your Members of Congress and get the latest news on advocacy efforts in D.C. and around the country.nctrnlbst	neidyrocha2	neil27moses	Married and father of 2 beautiful daughter / Former gangster and drug addict.neilgale	neillasher	nelbeenews	neonvacation	Running a website "NeonVacation" is a travel website dedicated to Sin City and all it has to offer. We enjoy helping others enjoy Vegas!n_e_r	nerdboy__	newday10	newsmeback	newtgingrich	Follow Newt to stay updated with campaign events. Help spread Newt's message of bold solutions by checking in at events. Your efforts on foursquare can help the campaign reach more voters as we build the largest grassroots network in history!newtimesstreet	newwillcity	newyorker	newyorkhabitat	Follow New York Habitat on foursquare and get exclusive tips in New York City, Paris, London, and the South of France!newyorkredbulls	ngilbert78	nhl	The official check-ins of the National Hockey League. Your check-ins or photos may end up on TV or NHL.com: http://www.nhl.com/socialmediapolicyniamhhughes	nick_avedesian	nickbaileyrr	nickbilton	Columnist, The New York Times.nickdawson	nick_gibson_	nickjukowski	nick_mangos	nickpgreenfield	nick_rehm	nickychips	nickydigital	Whether it's the nights you'll never forget or the ones you'll never remember, Nicky Digital's there to document it all in the city that never...EVER sleeps!nicnak	nicoleexashley	nielsenwire	nightlifegay	nightlynails	nike	nike6	The energy is running high at 6.0 on Foursquare this summer.  Nike’s newest Just Do It campaign will be bringing you a new breed of athlete in skate, snow, surf, bmx, wake and moto!  Follow us to learn how you can be part of the excitement.  Pick up tips we’ll be dropping on the latest product, news about athletes and events at our retailers on Foursquare.  Also stay tuned to learn how to unlock Nike Check-in Specials at participating retailers! Be a part of Nike this summer. Just Do It.nikebaseball	Hey baseball fans, check in on foursquare at your favorite baseball location and unlock all the awesomeness of Nike baseball. It's like throwing a knucle curve - you really don't know what will happen.niketa	niki146	nikkiv17	nik_nik	Mompreneur, WordPress Believer, Endorphin Junkie, Dance Gram Giver, Founder: AgentEvolution.com &amp; MyTechOpinion.comnilsgranger	niltonalexandre	:8ninjat	ninzlimpiada	niptuman	nisaparis	nitinkjain	njdotcom	NJ.com is the source for news and information about New Jersey and its communities.nleotsakos	nnthuan	nobodylisten1	www.nobodylisten.comnoelmcdermott	Psychotherapist: Islington, North London, Online http://www.noelmcdermott.net Twitter @noemcdermott, https://www.facebook.com/psychotherapyconsultancynoh8campaign	Join the fight to end H8!!! http://www.noh8campaign.comnonfuturednb	noraa	norcalfoxybrown	norcross	I drink coffee and write code. Usually in that order.noricat	northstarbar	nosa_vos	Vosdjs.com Instagram Nosa_VOS twitter Nosa_VOSnotecardgirl	notoriousemlav	nourbear	npr	This is NPR, on Foursquare. Follow NPR to stay informed and connected to news, arts &amp; life, music and public radio wherever you go. NPR is a thriving media organization at the forefront of digital innovation. NPR creates and distributes award-winning news, information, and music programming to 26.8 million listeners each week through a network of 944 independent stations.&nbsp;ns0n	nuesoft	nugmag	NUG Magazine is California's Original Cannabis Publication. We love the Culture, people and the City.  Hit us up! #NugMag #NugMagazine - We Get #Liftednumber10gov	numerical_dino	nw_infrared	Certified Level III Thermographer. The most qualified thermographer in the Pacific Northwest!nw_music_scene	http://www.northwestmusicscene.comny007ny	nybooks	The New York Review of Books began in 1963, when the founding editors and their friends decided to create a new kind of magazine—one in which the most interesting and qualified minds of our time would discuss current books and issues in depth. Follow the Review on foursquare for tips about places and subjects explored in our pages.nyccouncil	nyc_dot	DOT provides for the safe, efficient, and environmentally responsible movement of people and goods in the City of New York.nycformika	nycgo	We're nycgo.com, the official guide to New York City. Follow us and we'll show you the town!nycgov	The Official Foursquare page of the City of New York.nyc_nightlife	nycparks	New York City Department of Parks &amp; Recreation is the steward of 5,000 of New York City’s parks and park properties—that’s 14 percent of the city! You can follow NYC Parks for expert tips in every corner of the city. Be sure to check in at New York City’s parks, playgrounds, recreation centers, monuments, food carts, and facilities to become a true New York explorer! Please read the City of New York's Social Media Customer Use Policy at nyc.gov/socialmediapolicy for information on communicating with Parks through social media. All service requests should be submitted through nyc.gov/311.nycsidewalker	Exploring New York City one sidewalk at a time, stopping only for cocktails, food, the arts, protests, parties, parades and all chaos that erupts.nydailynews	From mob hits to movie scenes, every block and building in New York City has a story, and the Daily news is here to give you the best insight into every one.nymag	nynyvegas	New York-New York Hotel &amp; Casino in Las Vegas, NV. Make it here and we'll take you everywhere. From casino action to perfectly appointed rooms, signature restaurants, live entertainment and more!nypl	Check in at The New York Public Library and learn about exciting events, reserve books online, and download eBooks for free.nytimes	nyulocal	nzajicova	oakley	obamamerican48	obeygiant	obrats	observerdallas	_ocab_	Photographerocweeklystreet	odlr4sq	oelamri	of1nfluence	officer2082	ohshitrospit	ohyeah_her	olairanloye	oldfascination	l' amour fouolemissrx94	olitreadwell	Pith Helmet, Mountaineering Boots, &amp; my iPhone.  From the Himalayas to the High Streets Always exploring.olycannamed	olympics	Check in to iconic Olympic venues.olytony_ans	omaflinger	omarmorel	omgitzfern	onecampaign	onehundreddates	oneslyone	Coffee Addict in need of a 12 Step program.only1winsome	CEO &amp; Creative Director of "Winsome Taylor'd Designs" Serving Los Angeles, CA🌴Seattle, WA 🏙 Market. Avail. for travel ✈️ #MunaluchiCoterie 👰🏾onlyexo	Instagram: @onlyexo Twitter: @onlyexo Snapchat: onlyexo  Tumblr: onlyexo www.facebook.com/onlyferreronmysonar	oomyitskaren	&lt;3opajdara	A unique, flamboyant, self-searching dreamweaver, poet, pilgrim, Banzee.op_homefront	Operation Homefront provides emergency financial and other assistance to the families of our service members and wounded warriors.orahaman	organovita	Our Weight Loss &amp; Diabetic Food Center Specializes on Helping People Reach Their Weight Loss Goals! &amp; Teaching them New Habits to Keep the Weight Off for Good.ortelius	osakasteve	oscarprgirl	oscarthiers	A mis 22 años soy ex Carahuino | ex Comediante | Publicista | Snapchat: oscarthiersosum	@thedigitalinc Owner · #Entrepreneur · Social Media · Progressive · Activist · Young Dem · LATIDEM · #LATISM · Runner · #DateFriendosyrn	othar_lawrence	ourblokrewards	OurBlok Rewards is a loyalty rewards concept rolled out to empower consumers, support local causes and encourage consumer patronage to small-to-medium sized busourmaninmtl	Peter J. Davisonourordinarylife	Mom Blogger, daydreamer, foodie, health obsessed, dorky dancer. Nielsen Power Mom, blogger, &amp; brand ambassador. Run the blog OurOrdinaryLife.comoutdoordivas	Gear and apparel for active women.outmagazine	The World’s leading gay fashion &amp; lifestyle magazine. Follow us to learn about the best gay-friendly venues and event.outspokennyc	OutSpokenNYC is the 6 gay best friends in New York that you don't have yet. We can tell you the places to avoid on a friday night, where to get the best mac and cheese when you have a bad breakup, and where to  pick up the perfect summer tank.  Check out the full site at www.OutSpokenNYC.comoxfamaustralia	Oxfam Australia is part of a global movement of dedicated people working hard to fight poverty and injustice.Visit www.oxfam.org.au to find out more.oxfamgb	oxygen	Official page for Oxygen - Live Out Loud!ozerhawa	paddynoeggs	padres	p/advertising-week/2380335	paediatrix	pahlkadot	I run Code for America, parent a munchkin, and keep chickens. I also eat.paigex71	painspeaks	Founder of Pain Sufferers Speak's Global Community = Our Goal- “YOU never have to be alone in pain!”; Advocate since 1989; Author; Mom x2; Mamaw x2palazzolasvegas	pamelamaeross	panda_austen	panoramic15	panpacificfest	papaoculus	I do things.parentpalace	parentsmagazine	Follow Parents and check-in on Foursquare for tips on the best places to take your family! Let us make your day a little bit easier (and fun!) when you explore our picks for the best museums, restaurants, playgrounds, and attractions for families in your city.parislemon	parlotones	parrisharris	Hollywood notorious fashion event coordinator / www.youtube.com/parrisharris / www.parrisharris.com /pascalkropf	www.ScottsdaleNights.com &amp; www.ScottsdaleRedTransportation.compatatokyo	A leading expert on the intersection of experience design, brand, and digital in the context of Asian Pacific markets. グローバル市民や。patcarroll_acct	patdocmurphy	patgrahamblock	path	patparhiala	patrick	patrickallmond	I work with businesses to get them found and get them famous online so they get more traffic, more leads and more business using technology.patrick_stsadm	pat_stahl	pattydao	_paulaespindola	paulasauls	Busy mom of two, who after 16 years as a municipal employee, runs a home based business. For the first time in my life, i control my schedule!!!paulbarron	paulbernieer	paulbz	pauli_la	paulogarcia	engineer, manager and consultant of companies from the productive chain  of engineering services and of construction industry.paulparmley	paul_steele	paulwcislo	paul_yeomans	p/birchbox/7088173	You might think that Birchbox editors sit around all day, playing with lipstick and nail polish. (OK, we do more than our fair share of that.) But we also spend a lot of time running around the city scouting out the best rosy blush, the best rock star nail art, the best brow guru — all for you. Follow us and check in for exclusive tips about our favorite places. We know you want to learn who is the top colorist at our favorite salon, not to mention the ultimate place for a spendy facial, and our go-to cocktail den. Let’s get going!p/bloomingdales/64003	pbr_nc	pbs	The official Foursquare page for PBS. We invite you to explore new ideas and discover new worlds.pcatttweet	pcc	PCC Community Markets is a certified organic co-op with multiple locations in the Seattle and Puget Sound area.pcfromdc	p/chilis-grill--bar/12890108	p/conduit/6161658	Conduit empowers web and mobile publishers to engage their users across multiple platforms. From Community Toolbars and mobile apps, to notifications and Wibiya Bars, the company’s products enable publishers to constantly connect with their users wherever they are. Conduit’s innovative solutions have made it the fastest-growing network of publishers in the world, with more than 260,000 publishers of all sizes generating billions of monthly interactions with their 250 million users. Major League Baseball, Groupon, Fox News, Travelocity, and The Weather Channel are just some of the brands leveraging the company’s free solutions to engage their users and boost their business.p/cotu-brewing/12200238	Center of the Universe Brewing Company will open in Ashland, Virginia on November 16th. At COTU, it all revolves around the beer.p/cupcakes-and-cashmere/12389916	Tips and recommendations from some of my favorite spots.p/d%C3%B3nde-ir/11760081	DÓNDE IR es tu cómplice para conocer las tendencias y el buzz de la ciudad.  La revista que marca y alerta el clima cultural de la Ciudad de México para que la pilles entera y te reenamores de cada una de sus esquinas.pdxgeekcouncil	Follow the Portland Geek Council of Commerce and Culture to unlock the GEEKERY of Portland. Check in to member locations/events for fun geek facts as well as special promotions, tips, and offers.   Be sure to watch our activity June 11-12 for the first annual OLYMPATHON, that's right, a city-wide geek olympics!pdxpinano	pedrodfonseca	pedrotp	peevedmichelle	peeweeherman	peli_	p/empoweredpres/24859705	Empowering and saving lives through presentations! We take average Powerpoint / Keynote presentations from existing or from scratch and make it a masterpiece!people	pepeanguita	pepsi	Where there’s Pepsi, there’s music™! Follow us on foursquare and keep an eye out for new check-in specials throughout the year.percolate	We're a technology company in downtown NYC that also happens to like coffee and food quite a bit.perlsofwisdom	perryellis	As the Social Media Marketing Director for @PerryEllis, follow me for inside info on promotions, events, specials &amp; the ultimate #VeryPerry lifestyle.persiancowboy	pete_austin	peteblum69	Laidback and enjoying the Florida lifestylepetergmcdermott	peterkchen	peterkim	petersgreenberg	As the Travel Editor for CBS News, Peter Greenberg covers more than 400,000 miles each year. Now he's bringing you along for the ride and leaving travel tips at some of his favorite local spots. Visit PeterGreenberg.com for daily travel tips.petershankman	peteyrocks	pfanderson	pffenzel	p/food2u/8354645	Síguenos en Foursquare y descubre información sobre restaurantes, puestos de comida rápida y mucho más.pgatour	We put the FORE in foursquare!   Check in at the tournaments you attend, the places you play and where you shop for PGA TOUR gear.pgmcbass	pgomezjr	Bachelor, Man of Faith, Easygoing Character, Survivor of many obstacles and hardships, Positive outlook on life and losing 231 pounds with Weight Watchers!!p/hard-rock-hotel--casino/1485364	Welcome to Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino Las Vegas! We're on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Join us there!pheezy	www.pheezy.comphidelt	Phi Delta Theta was organized with three principle objectives: The cultivation of friendship among its members, the acquirement individually of a high degree of mental culture, and the attainment personally of a high standard of morality. Follow us and check in on foursquare to visit our chapter houses, conferences and Phi Delt-related landmarksphilaunion	Official foursquare of Major League Soccer's Philadelphia Unionphilgerb	Connecting people to the people and ideas they need to make their businesses (and their lives) great. Speaker, author and social media teacher. Milwaukee Food!phillieschris	phillip_nw	phillipsderrick	phillyfreedm	phillyncrowd	Are You N? Follow Philadelphia's favorite improv troupe on foursquare and discover what we already know, Philly is a fun place to explore.phillyrules88	phillysniper	phils08champs	philtoronto	philvollman	phitcomedy	phonescooper	photo_lor	photomatt	@WordPress, @Automattic, @Akismet, @Polldaddy, @VaultPress, @Gravatar...phvegas	Celebrity waits around every corner and tastes of fame are plentiful, so check in where you're the star!phxntstreet	physicianspr	Just a simple girl with an extravagant dream...physique57	Follow us to discover the places we love. Where we’re eating, shopping and what we’re enjoying in NY, Scarsdale, the Hamptons, Beverly Hills and Dubai!pineridgecondos	p/inspire-and-acquire/12684599	Online and Social Media Marketing Agencypistachio	pitch360	_pius	pjkinsella	p/jonavennci-divad/12342622	Follow Jonavennci Divad on foursquare to Check-in like a Celebrity to the coolest parties, events, restaurants, and other fashionable locations.   Shop Eat &amp; Party like a Celeb!pjpanigi	pjsilky	"Loving Life"p/kennedy-center/12995645	The Kennedy Center is America's living memorial to President Kennedy—presenting the greatest performers and performances from across America and around the world, nurturing new works and young artists, and serving as a leader in arts education.p/lancome/7598300	Discover beauty. Follow Lancôme to receive invitations for exclusive offers.   Experience 7 days to visibly younger skin with Génifique Youth Activating Concentrate. On Genes Day, October 21, $7 from every bottle of Génifique sold will be donated to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital.   Stop by your Lancôme counter to get a free 7-day supply of Génifique, and learn more about Genes Day at bit.ly/GENES.planesandapples	platoonfitness	Personal Training, daily year round outdoor classes, corporate wellness and nutrition.  No contracts, money back guaranteed resultsplawler	playstation	p/likeable-media/10929872	Likeable Media is an award-winning social media leveraging and word of mouth marketing firm. We want to help you explore and discover likeable worthy venues, landmarks, and locations across the country. We provide client fun facts, Likeable history, social media hotspots and more! Follow Likeable Media to learn about who we are and what we love. From the Golden Gate Bridge and Palo Alto, to the concrete jungle where dreams are made true, let Likeable Media be your guide for your favorite and likeable cities!p/louisville/1205840	The Louisville Convention &amp; Visitors Bureau has created Foursquare tips that will help make your time in Louisville a little more interesting and educational.p/marketing-las-vegas/22656684	We know that in todays world, every company, nonprofit, and even Church, is a social publisher  and through Facebook and beyond, we help our clients produce.p/michelin-travel--lifestyle/3358242	Join Michelin, our teams of anonymous Inspectors and esteemed travel Editors, as we explore hotels, restaurants and other must sees across the globe. Follow us and check in to receive expert tips directly from the MICHELIN Inspectors and travel Editors who evaluate the restaurants, bars, hotels and local sites that appear in our famous MICHELIN Guides, Green Guides and MustSees.p/microsoft-sharepoint-conference/13386611	p/moviepass/11700033	MoviePass is your Monthly Pass to the Movies! Follow us and check in on Foursquare to see what's happening in the MoviePass world!p/mycityway/13509384	pnlamandre	p/northstar-california-resort/12673798	The official Foursquare account of Northstar California Resort in beautiful Lake Tahoe, CA -- #TheWayItShouldBepnwnetworking	p/official-ajb/810485	The definitive guide to seeing the world. Living my life like its golden :) Instagram: ajbella1976 Twitter: @jaumeprimero Kik: jaumeprimeropolishp22	poofleia	pop_bottles	popeater	porcalina	p/original-penguin/1202129	pornstartrevor	porterairlines	Follow Porter on foursquare to discover our favourite hotspots in our destination cities. With your friends, unlock tips and trends from Porter. And – we’d love to hear from you as you explore.     Suivez Porter sur foursquare pour découvrir nos endroits  préférés dans nos différentes destinations. Lors d'une ballade entre amis, débloquez les tendances et les conseils de Porter et n'hésitez à partager vos suggestions !postpolitics	Follow all the political action in the capital and on the campaign trail with The Washington Post.p/ourstage/6705139	OurStage is a leading destination for music discovery and quality editorial content. With more than 200,000 artists from 40 styles of music worldwide, independent music is everywhere, including your very own city. Find the best new musicians near you with tips from our team of editors and artists.p/pcc-natural-markets/8608377	Proud to connect the Seattle-area with organic, local, all-natural foods since 1953. Visit any of our nine neighborhood locations and receive a sweet or savory treat after your third Foursquare check-in. Thanks for shopping with PCC!p/playboy/11459153	Follow Playboy for news about the brand that's been pushing (and removing) buttons since 1953.p/queen-city-cartel/8270564	Follow us and check in on foursquare to find out what’s going on in the Western NY music scene. Whether it be bands, solo artists or DJs, trust us to be your source of what’s new and exciting!pranavno9	prcrash	predsnhl	premiergrouphi	premierguideme	premiumfunny	Premium funny. Updated daily.p/rent-the-runway/4561403	prepkidlv	I am something elsepresnation	prhymerhymeboss	pricousins	Technology junkie, DROIDr, Sim'r, Blogger, Reader, Music Lovin Hot Mama, #UMUC student, #Cybersecurityprincesshu	princeton	Princeton University is a vibrant community of learning that endeavors to fulfill its informal motto, "in the nation's service and in the service of all nations." Founded in 1746, Princeton now has a population of approximately 5,200 undergraduates and more than 2,500 graduate students. As a research university with an internationally renowned faculty, Princeton seeks to reach the highest levels of achievement in the discovery and transmission of knowledge and understanding. At the same time, Princeton is distinctive among research universities in its commitment to undergraduate teaching.priscilaamatoss	TIMBETA TIMBETA TIMBETA TIMBETAprivlist	prnicolev	problemwhitegrl	professionalook	My name is Nuno Gavina and, besides being owner of www.h2dots.com, I'm also a Strategic Web Services Writer...projectdanielle	proloyc	proteinwrangler	prsarahevans	pruiii	Simplesmente aquela que todos conhecem, a Pruiii :)psi_arturo	psipame	psoucie	p/spartan-race/12336637	Follow Spartan Race on foursquare by clicking the 'Follow' button above, and then check-in at any Spartan Race event to unlock your next challenge.   About Spartan Race  Spartan Race™, the global leader in Obstacle Racing since 2005, was designed by seven insane ultra athletes and a Royal Marine. If you have tried trail races, mud runs, tough mudder runs, or a warrior dash, it's time to step up to a brutal Spartan Race obstacle course.  Our Spartan Race obstacle course is designed to test your resilience, strength, stamina, quick decision making skills, and ability to laugh in the face of adversity.   You can tackle a Spartan Sprint, a Super Spartan, maybe even attempt a brutal Spartan Beast, but only a few of you will have the heart to graduate up to our Death Race; the world championship of obstacle racing, and an endurance race like NO other.   You"ll understand at the finish line...p/sunshine-village-ski--snowboard-resort-banff/2355786	Home of Canada's Best Snow!  Follow us on www.Facebook.com/SunshineVillageResort &amp; www.GPlus.to/SunshineVillagepsychmesu	p/sydney-observatory/12169598	p/times-square-nyc/5273346	The Official Source of Times Square NYCp/today-show/1223577	America's favorite morning showp/trevelino-keller/8837690	Talk is cheap, right?  Not if it's relevant, righteous and rewarding.  Talk is influential.  Talk is online, in print, in video.  Talk is social.  Talk is powerful.  Talk is it.  So follow us and check in on foursquare to find where the smart people are talking about technology, green, business, lifestyle, food, franchising and health.  You'll likely find us there.    Afterall, it's what we do.  We Get People Talking.ptsnv	publiclybailey	puccetto	Ricordate figlioli di essere sempre disonesti, di essere sleali con i colleghi...non praticate amicizie disinteressate..ma usate il ricatto!puddester	pulcrapuella	pulpconnection	p/vaynermedia/12190852	VaynerMedia helps brands best leverage online platforms to build engaged communities that support their online marketing endeavors.pwashere	p/wibiya/12917796	Adding the Wibiya bar to your website allows you to easily increase page views and user engagement, and promote your content. Wibiya offers a variety of free apps, enabling you to extend your content’s exposure and provide users with a more interactive experience of your website.p/wired/17844782	An award-winning pioneer of the web, Wired.com is the hip face of technology news and information online.p/zaarly/12185267	qbank2	qbryner	qmg	queen420bitchez	I am an independent and confident single mom of 2 wonderful children. I don't need anyone but my Bestie's Rebecca, Jessica and Who Caresqueenjaimi	queennaudii	queenofspain	queensland	Get the low-down on Queensland, Foursquare style! We’ll be sharing the best of Queensland, so following us is a bit like having your own personal tour guide.querdenken	que_so_dip	qwiqq	Welcome to the official Foursquare page for Qwiqq! Download Qwiqq and start selling socially! get.qwiqq.mer0b3rta	Angeleno. Meditation Fan. My smile is my super power.raay19	rachelletts	rachelrubes	racheltbue	rach_mcbride	racingtales	racked	racquetclubap	radbull	radiobrando	radioshack	raerae519	rafaeldeath123	rafamartintv	rafichou	rag5051	I love coffee AND traveling. But above all... I love performing, specifically singing =)rahsheen	rahul_90	rajqsar	Principal | Owner of The Boutique Real Estate Group.  A Worldwide Luxury Real Estate Company. Born in The OC. @RajQsar @TheBoutiqueRE #tbregralphpaglia	President - ADM Consulting, LLC - (505) 301-6369 - RPaglia@gmail.com - http://Facebook.com/RPaglia Twitter &amp; IG: @RalphPaglia #TravelLikeRalphramashanker3887	A Bangalore based real estate marketing agency, that provides end to end marketing solutions to builders &amp; developers and to home buyers as well.ramez	ramyadelhi	randi808	randipandee	randycantrell	randyyim206	Brand Ambassador Coordinator at @BoomThoShop. Use code "BOOMTHOYIM12" for 15% off at checkout! #TeamBOOMTHO #TheRealRandyYimrangison	ranieridjguache	ravimongia	Digital strategist, streetwear window shopper, food truck chaser, human sports encyclopedia, hip-hop head, culture junkie.ravshmuel	raylovett	razabegg	razorfish	rbonell23	rcrdlbl	readysetgrow	realdanbritton	realestatemyway	RVA &amp; Hampton roads realtor. Tweet me at www.twitter.com/RealEstateMyWay or www.facebook.com/1realtor4urealizeu	realstevebeam	realtorjaci	VA Residential, Commercial Realtor! Jetblue Airways Jetter! Recipe Collector! Proud Hokie Mom! Passionate about the Virgin Islands, Architect designs, Family!rebecca_reece	rebexxxa	rebnorman	redbookmag	redbull	redbullracing	redbullrecords	redfraggle	redskins	Check in at Bon Secours Training Center during training camp, FedExField and/or Redskins Rally bars on gamedays to unlock the Redskins Badge &amp; some great prizesredzones	reedconstrdata	reedsmith	reflectitwear	rei	We offer top-brand gear and clothing for all your outdoor adventures. Everything we sell is backed by our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee.reiko98	reinventingcole	Lover of history and liberty. Activist. "True activism is putting your a$$ on the line for your beliefs, and being ready to have it handed to you!" -meremarkmarketing	reneegannon	reneejross	reneekrenk	resistencejack	resplendentlyme	President at @SOSorg | L3C Co-Founder | Certified Salesforce Admin | Eloqua PM | UFC Watcher | Sushi &amp; Cupcake Connoisseur | &amp; a Big Geek @ Heart =) INFJrestaurant_com	At Restaurant.com, we're all about exploring the local restaurant scene, without breaking the bank.  As part of the Restaurant.com family, you'll have access to deals at 18,000 restaurants nationwide - we're talking everything from standard American fare to one of a kind ethnic gems. Be in the know with our participating restaurants and follow us for tips and "insider information," ranging  from the most delectable dishes to order, best seats in the house, and who to chat up on the staff.  Eating out should be fun, delicious and affordable - and we're here to help make it that way!restorerguy	retsel09luke	. ....i want someone who's not only proud and glad to have me, but will also take every risk and effort just to be with me..revbell01	Add me on FB-www.facebook.com/PastorLWCCNJ Twitter, Tumblr, &amp; Kik - RevBell01 Cell/Text 6095346773 The rest - Be daring or bold enough to ask!revjohn_316	revmak	rgunhold	rhapsodyartist	Chief Nerdrhodymomrunner	rich1	richardchasse	Microbiologist -&gt; to Entrepreneur -&gt; Online Marketing Specialist -&gt; Real Estate Professional. 5 + years consulting in the fastest growing trends for marketingrichardjwood	One of only 12 commentators in the world recognized for predicting the GFC. Followers receive exclusive details of my biggest &amp; most important predictions yet.richardmachtel	sales &amp; marketing manager / Berlinrichbltn	richgor	rich_wong	rickalessandri	rickbakas	Husband » New Dad » Connector » Sommelier » Traveller » Former NIKE brand guy » What can I do for you?rickdanielsfm	rickgriffin	ricklessss	rickmurray	Geek Marketer. News Junkie. Left-leaning Political Hack. Husband. Dad. Cyclist. Guitarist. Foodie. Friend.ricksender	Follow me on Twitter: @ricksenderrickycam	rickyrobinett	rickys_nyc	rigginsconst	Commercial General Contractor in Orange County Specializing in Design-Build Tenant Improvements. CSLB 335720riles_c	ripbm	ripleypickles	rishadt	rita_barry_	ritzcarlton	riyabg	rje7	roadwarriorsusa	robatbean	robbertom	robbie_rob21	robertgaines	robertshp	robhitt	robinosorio	Publicista...proyecto de Ing.Comercial.. Y con un montón de proyectos en mi cabeza...robknapton	robmontoyaaz	I represent 28 #CreditUnions throughout #AZ- I am always looking to partner up with #auto #rv #motorcycle dealers. #creditunionadvantage @MWCUArobsepulvedal	robtomashawaii	robwindsor	rockies	Welcome to the official Rockies Foursquare page!rockingcomedy	rocktique	Mom, designer, shopaholic and most recently gaming addict..... very hectic combination, somethings gotta go. Nahhhh, I totes have a handle on things!rodriggoleao	rohitbhargava	rohrrr	roicayo	rollingstone	romanisbell25	rondastroud	rondostar	I push lots of buttons.  www.rondostar.comronilsonkosta	Levei muito tempo para descobrir que amigo não é aquele que te impedi de fazer as coisas que para eles são erradas, mas aquele que se arrisca pelas coisas erradron_ledford	Endeavor to persevere... CPA in Music City USA, NGC(SU) '84 Alum, Army Vet (AVN), Urban Dweller and newbie Beekeeper (MyUrbanNuc)roose_ttb	rosenfeldmg	rosevillerockln	Steve + Heather Ostrom. Work @ Coldwell Banker Sun Ridge real estate. Work + laugh hard. You'll find us out w/our kids @ events when not working or playing golfrothsteinjewlry	Jewelry fixer, designer, Ear Piercer. Animal &amp; Homeless Advocate, photographer, blogger. We buy old gold for $. FaceBook: Rothstein Jewelers (of Beverly Hills)route53	rowiro	son • brother • husband • dad • friend • entrepreneur • traveler &amp; well versed in many facets of life, yet still in the midst of it!roxannnne	roxycoxxrocks	roxyolin	royalroads	roymrad	rpilney	eBusiness Sr. Advisor / Social Media &amp; Innovation Programs / MDF Strategist @Dell | Certified Social Media &amp; Community Pro. #Iwork4Dell =Opinions Are My Own=rprachyls	rrrins	rrrrockinrobin	rsalistservices	rsineat	rsullivanlaw	rtgiordano	rtmindler	rtsnance	rubenorozco	Entrepreneur/Techie living in Santa Barbara. Founded @tweetfind &amp; @tweetfindtools. UCSB &amp; SMHS Alum - Fav:Twitter,RedSox,Dodgers,Lakers,Poker,Travel &amp; Las Vegasrubensanchezbcn	rubydetoromusic	ruhanirabin	ruivelosomx	rumsey48	runfastmama	Mother runner who loves to travel, eat and explore! Blogging at http://runfastmama.comrunningescapade	runningrachel	runningtoprize	runwiki	Wife of US Navy Diver and Mom of 3 kids including a set of twins. Boston Marathon qualifier, RRCA certified coach Fitfluential Ambassador and lover of running.ruroulette	rushwan	russellyermal	russmk	russviola	Born in the swamps of Louisiana, Russ trav­els the world blog­ging and spread­ing mojo. His latest projects take him to London.rwwmike	ryanchris	ryanhealy	ryanintheus	ryanjz	ryanmcminn	ryanseacrest	ryanstar	rytography	saadshake	sabroyles	sacrebleuwine	Follow us and check in on foursquare to unlock the mystery and beauty of fine wine.  We'll leave interesting tips for you on how to pair wine with food and even how music, art and culture help complete the wine experience so nicely.sagebrennan	saintinc	Huge Social Media Geek. Reads leisurely on politics. Loves coffee, iPhone, Pinterest, Instagram, blogging, photography, quotes. Never perfect, always improving.saladin010	salontwentytwo2	sameder	sammanc	samproof	Filmmaker, writer, actor and internet viking!sam_rodriguez_r	Real Estate Broker, 619 843-1663, Buying Selling LUXURY Properties In San Diego, Marketing Expert,Social Media http://TheHomes4All.com innovator to perfection.samshank	CEO HotelTonightsamsungtweets	samwirah	sandrafoyt	Storyteller and photographer. From the Virgin Islands, based in New York. In search of grand adventures and sweet rewards.sandy_carter	sanfran1975	saraenewell	sarahakbarifard	sarahbethrosa	Social Media Strategist. Graphic Designer. Blogger. Swimmer. Foodie. Whole Foods Lover. Current addiction = macaroons.sarahchambers	Business owner. Fashion addict. I drink too much Coke Zero. Love New York, making cool stuff, and hanging out with my smart friends.sarahdayowen	sarah_eldred	sarahmworthy	sarahsperling1	sarahtilton	sarahvargo	sarajesikaparke	saralshasu	saralwin	sargenaldo	sariverwalkfun	Folllow us on Twitter at @SARiverwalkFun or online at www.sanantonioriverwalk.com or www.facebook.com/TheSanAntonioRiverwalk.savageque	savvytweeter	saxe_ortho	Dr. Saxe and her staff are experts at helping you choose the braces that best suit your kids’ needs. Visit http://www.saxeortho.com for more!s_belhsen	scanman	sceshultz	schachin	schemadyn	schneidermarc	Instagram: instagr.am/schneiderccc 🌇📷schuylerdeerman	scienceesl	scionboo	scobleizer	Spatial Computing Catalyst 👓scootklein	scotchisholm	scottbarnes	Sr. Manager, Events &amp; Hospitality at Comcast with a passion for fashion, my nephews, social justice, city living, the arts &amp; pop culture.scottcb71	scottcllns	scottdreyfus	I think about golf all the time.scottespinosa	scott_guay	scottmonty	scottrasak	scottrsmithpr	scoutshonor	Coming to Grips w/Realities of Motherhood&amp;Conflicts Within. Blogger.Writer.Foodie.Seattle.Swim Mom.Wife.Find me @scoutshonor http://unitedstatesofmotherhood.comscrappy_face	Traction heroes, creative rebels, marketing doers &amp; superheroes working to boost startups. Big help for small business.scwbkk	sdanzeiser	sdodson	Coffee, travel, barssead_get_bize	sea_happyhour	Tweeting Seattle Happy Hours to you!! Want your Happy Hour tweeted? Contact me at seahappyhour at gmail.com! Seattle, Washington ·seanmurphy747	seannakamura	Freelance photojournalist. Loves to travel. Grind good eats. Sample good beer.sears	It’s easy to check up on deals &amp; updates for your local Sears when you check in and follow us on Foursquare. Welcome, friends!seasurgzevents	Seattle Events, social networking,Yelp business reviewer. Email surgzpromotions@gmail.comseattlemet	seattlesabrina	seattletimes	seattleworks	Seattle Works is a nonprofit that connects volunteers, develops emerging leaders and inspires dialogue. We'll get you connected!seememedia	Product Manager, Photographer, Programmer, Marketer, Soccer Coach, Skier, cyclist living the dream in Steamboat Springs, CO @seememediasefkac	sehopkin	seibways	seiji13	senatorsteve314	senormacaroni	seogoddess	I'm odd. Get over it.seoprasen91	I am a SEO Executive....separd	seq23	I came. I saw. I conquered. Unapologetically Me....seranatos	Bắt đầu 30 trở đi sẽ tính tuổi ngược lại, bây giờ tui đã 28.serna_allday	sethbrownnn	sethdreidelhill	sethsklar	seth_weisfeld	@seth_weisfeldsexymommy2009	sfgate	We're the authority on all things San Francisco and the Bay Area.sfgiants	sflfoodie	Eating around South Florida while serving up restaurant reviews, news, specials, recipes, chef stories, and more!sfmoma	SFMOMA was the first museum on the West Coast devoted to modern art. We are committed to fostering creativity and embracing new ways of seeing the world.sgbarnes	sg_panda	shaanhaider	Let's talk about Physics cause I hate bio ;-)shahkaal	shaila	shakewebagency	shanerwright	shanesafool	shannboogie	shannonkin	Founder and Client Success Officer, Dream Local Digital Online media strategist. We help local businesses market themselves online, social media specialtyshape_magazine	sharanyanlk	An Award winning Entrepreneur, Proudly the founder of #Extreme-Seo.net , #Privilegeserver.com, #7Arena.comsharepoint	sharepointac	shaunacausey	shawncarter03	shawnfitness	My name is Sean Symons aka Grandpa Vegan. Hope you have an amazing day!!!shawnwestfall	shaydechelle	shaynesanderson	sheaanything	shearerpainting	shellyb_fit	shellyweitz	sherene818	sherilynn75	sherryfetzer	sherylshusband	Sheryl's husband. Free range technology strategist and alchemist. Boat rocker.shih_wei	shimpster	I'm a #Spacetweep, Mac Geek, #SDOisGO GSFC, #STS132JSC, #STS135 Launch Tweetup attendee, Ham Radio Operator (WB4BSA), Eagle Scout, Photographer &amp; all round geekshiralazar	shlogelernter	shnuddy	shoesnfood	❤️s Food, Travel, Partying &amp; Foolery.sho_network	Whether you’re exploring the Dexter® haunts in Miami, living it up like the ladies of The Real L Word™, or meeting your clan to plan world domination like The Borgias, don’t forget to check in with SHOWTIME® on Foursquare. You’ll find all the tips you need to live the life of your favorite Showtime characters right here, plus you could unlock the coveted Borgias badge!   Make sure to watch new episodes of Nurse Jackie and United States of Tara® every Monday beginning at 10PM ET/PT, and feast on The Borgias in a special 2-hour premiere event, Sunday April 3rd at 9PM ET/PT, only on SHOWTIME®.shopbrazos	Check in alongside ShopBrazos, view our tips for businesses in Bryan &amp; College Station. Stay up to date w/ specials, sales &amp; deals across the Brazos Valley.shpralex	shrtfatwhiteguy	shrutigoradia	shuggilippo	shuttlehugger	"‎In life you will meet two kinds of people. Ones who build you up, and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you will thank them both."      - Author Unknownshwen	sig727	University of Arkansas grad Proud Okie! LOVER of Thrilling Adventure Hour! Love wine, working out, &amp; traveling.sijj786	simonetweeting	simonschuster	simonvankempen	simple_songbird	simplywandainc	Certified Wedding Planner &amp; Event Coordinatorsincevince	sinela	singing_poetry	sinnerthedj	sioli19	siravington	siravo	sirpemberton	sirqlate	sixflags	sixydukemom	Life is short so cut the crap and live life to its fullest! Instagram: sixydukemom Twitter:   @sixydukemom Kik: sixydukemomsjs731	skd3121	ski081	skicarvin	skiingmag	Where to eat, sleep, party, and most importantly, ski.skilibertymtn	skillshare	Skillshare is a global community where you can learn real-world skills from incredible teachers.skirtpr	skymall	Frequent flyers, follow us. When you check in before or after your flight at most airports, you will see our tips on where to eat, play and stay around you.skype	Skype helps people everywhere to stay in touch with their friends and family near and far, even while on the go.    Follow Skype on foursquare!slackerradio	slangeditorial	slaunius	slidestream	Digital Strategy/Social CRM @Interscope &amp; Music/Photos @ http://sldstrm.tumblr.com/slim	slkeene	sloane927	slowfoodnyc	NYC chapter of Slow Food, dedicated to a good, clean &amp; fair food system. Our Snail of Approval goes to producers, purveyors &amp; artisans: http://slowfoodnyc.orgslowloris	smangaraj	smc_la	We're the LA Chapter of Social Media Club. Like us and discover our tips and tricks for living or visiting Los Angeles!smcornelius	Married to James, working retail, love finding humor in life, like sharig my life with friends.smreach	smsjoe	snellexperts	Snell Experts is a brand created as a discovery hub for all environmental service providerssnoram777	Excéntrico y Melómano empedernido, sin #Música no podría vivir. Difícil en describir. Diestro en todos sus sentidos. Amo los animales y los Video Juegos. #Lolsnowdotcom	Get tips from locals, tricks from our athletes, get specials and earn badges.   Stick with us and you'll be the envy of all of your friends.snwbdrhoon	Surf, snowboard, bike.snyderwriter	so0fly	socialandy	Irishman in Wine Country. Founder of @3rockmarketing, Co - Curator of @TEDxNapaValley &amp; VP of @NapaCricket. Dad. MoBro. Curly's honey &amp; WSET Diploma Studentsocialapp4u	We are the hub of Neighborhoods to the world™.a program bringing small biz and local arts together. find me on rebelmouse http://www.rebelmouse.com/SocialApp4usocial_citizen	Connector. Blogger. Tennis lover. Electronica obsessed. Eternally challenged optimist. Digital traveler. Social Media Mngr., Loews Hotels at Universal Orlando.socialkaty	socialsavvygeek	Online Marketing Agency specializing in Social Media Strategy, Implementation, and Management. Conversation online. Savvy?socialwicker	Dedicated AHS, Boardwalk Empire Fan, Social Networker, Motivator, Innovator :) VP @wickerparadise Much 💙💛 to all Fans! http://www.wickerparadise.comsohereweare	soloibiza	#Ibiza. #hoteles, #playas y #turismo, #alquilerdecochesenibiza y mucho más. Visitanos en www.soloibiza.com_somu_	Just another geek who believes he can change the world for good by writing code.sonarme	sonnyvu	sony	sonyxperia	Here at Sony Xperia™, we want to give you the most entertaining and engaging experience as possible, and that includes checking in and unlocking new Sony Xperia™ experiences wherever you are.  Whether it's your nearest Sony store, or any other Sony Xperia™ event, check in and you can unlock exclusive badges, content and even real world experiences and prizes.sophiaaah	sophier	sorce_money	sosarawilson	sosofcentralct	Central Connecticut Project Director &amp; Instructor for Special Operation Services   steve@sosserver.org  1-800-567-0535 Ext: 78393sotaydulich	Travelsoundcloud	soundersfc	The official Foursquare page of Major League Soccer's Seattle Sounders FC.southsayed	spacecampalex	sparkey215	Married I have 6 kids 5 with wife and 1 with an ex-girlfriend...49yrs youngsparktacoma	spartan_race	spencerodell	spin1038	Follow us and check in on foursquare to find out about the latest happeings in the world of Music and Entertainment. We'll also be giving away CD's and other cool prizesspinmagazine	SPIN is your VIP pass to all that rocks.spoiledmonroe	sportlander_usa	Sports Supplements Specialist - Lowest prices guaranteed every daysportsauthority	spowellhenning	sprecks57	springcreekgrp	Spring Creek Group is a Social Media Marketing agency headquarted in Seattle, WA. We are part of Mediabrands and a member of the Interpublic Group of companies.sp_sniper	sracp	srinaldi	sroberts7758	srrprr	srshearer	staceyngo	staciasellshome	stacyknows	stacymiche11e	stales	stanford	staranddrama	starbucks	Follow Starbucks on Foursquare to check in and earn great badges. Visit enough stores to become the envy of your friends with the Barista Badge.starbucks_es	Síguenos y entérate de todas las noticias y promociones de Starbucks España!starbuck_woi	starenchantress	starpadilla	Established 1984 | Social Chatterbox with an eye for design. Fitness Enthusiast and love of food &amp; nutrition. Music-fiend, Lover, Dreamer of dreams.starrcheckins	stayheated	stbox	steelcitydiva	I bleed black and gold..let's freebase birth control and nyquilstefankapelac	steflovesmike	stephagresta	stephenpeeler	Association &amp; Foundation Exec l Golfer I Philanthropist l Conference Junkie l 💕Single Malt Scotch l AA✈️ Hotel Snob #DeMathaStags and @DeMathaCatholic Dadstephiesosexy	stephinge	eBay • Amazon • Social Media • Founder of DFW Social Media Marketing &amp; Dallas eBaybes &amp; eMales • linkedin.com/stephanieinge • facebook.com/stephanie.ingestephlauren	steph_marie_c_4	stepintomyshoes	steveakinsseo	Digital Marketing Strategist, SEO, Developer, Entrepreneur, Struggling Poet :), Gastronome,  Explorer      http://about.me/steveakinsseosteveclyde	stevegarfield	Investor / Founder: Boston Media Makers / Love Beer, Food and Travel.  Boston · http://stevegarfield.comstevegogreen	stevegraham	stevehall	Advertising professional. Writer. Photographer. Publisher of @adrants.stevenalbritton	stevens1	Steven Swimmer observes the Intersection of Behavior &amp; Digital Media. Web pioneer into strategy, domains, film, photo, science &amp; comedy.stevewoz	stewartsm1	stodrick	stonemtn	stookers	strategicgrowt	As a Business Mentor and productivity expert, my passion is working with entrepreneurs to create systems that will support a fabulously balanced life.strawb3ryfieldz	streamingmarv	Reputation Marketing Expert, Social Media Evangelist, Streaming VideoMiester, Digital Entrepreneur &amp; MultiMedia Producer to the Fortune 500 since 1967.struisman	stuartcooper40	studiomuseco	styledotcom	stylelistsays	stylistadvocate	suave_son_d3vil	suckaplease	suggaa	suiterydetaxi	The first choice for a safe ride home from the bar! Call (208) 891-8429suki247	LWsumeet_jain	sumosteaks	sundevil1988	sung_h_lee	sunintheskye	sunniesouthern	Revolutionizing the way we care for ourselves and others by thoughtfully using technology to connect people and health resources on-line and in personsunny1051	Sunny 105.1 is Jordan's Feel Good Music station. Tune in for music to lift your mood, tips and advice on how to live your life, and learn all about the great events we host. Follow Sunny 105.1 on foursquare for all that and much more.sunsh9s	sunshine808	superbetch	supercrosslive	The fast paced racing action of Monster Energy AMA Supercross, an FIM World Championship is held within 17 stadiums worldwide that pack up to 70,000 screaming fans. Get on the gas to unlock some gnarly tips from your fellow super fans. Check in from the track or when you stop by your favorite Monster Energy Supercross sponsor locations in your city. You might even hit up some exclusive discounts and specials too. See you at the Races!supermodelme	Up your fashion and fun factors! Look out for tips from SUPERMODELME and find out where those in vogue wine, dine and style up.   Each week, watch exclusive Supermodelme webisodes for check-in clues around Singapore. The hints will be there to unlock the SuperStyle and SuperConnected badges, and you'll stand to win exclusive prizes and discounts from the hottest stores and brands.   Get to know the 12 models as they prepare to battle it out to become the next face of the Asian modelling scene. Catch Supermodelme2 every thursday on Channel5  Get involved!   Check us out here:supersamsays	Celebrity Trainer, Online Fitness Biz Owner &amp; Actor. I am passionate about using my life to pay it forward by helping others.superstar4428	superswarmcine	susanmoskwa	susie_parker	Wife, mama, baker, consultant &amp; speaker. #SM #Marketing #PR #CEM. Working w/ women-centric brands. ENFP. Change maker. Linchpin. Founder @SMC_Winnipeg. #usguyssusimi	sutahonthebeach	Runner in www.runningskirts.com. sutah@runningskirts.com. Want to live here? 732.539.6272 leasing the beach.selling the shore for Better Homes &amp; Gardens PP.suzi123	suzyfitcoach	suzzorlose	Woman with a plan.. #suzzorloses_wash	swiftydigits	swishdigital	_sydvici0us	synergybydesign	#BBlogger 》Beauty/Fashion #Blogger ¤ Makeup/Style Devotee 》ABA:MKT/PR ¤ #SocialMediaXpert 》I💖Beauty 》100% Sicilian ¤ Detroit Strong 》Love1Another ♋s_zangrilli	szeliu	t0mmym3ad	tacanderson	I am who I am and no one is better at it than me.tacguy253	tacobell	tajmahalmumbai	tamireskeles	tannermoehle	tanveer86	tanveerali	tanziping56	tarahfo	tarastiles	Tara Stiles, author of the upcoming book Yoga Cures and owner of Strala Yoga in NYC, shares her favorite places to stretch out, relax, shop, eat, drink and more.tarasuan	tastenyc	tate	Welcome to Tate on Foursquare! Follow us and check in on Foursquare to unlock special 'Tate Tips' left by the Tate team across London. Share the love with fellow users by leaving your personal tips about your favourite paintings, exhibitions - and unlock a very special Tate badge!tayari	taydan05	tdubzz14	teach42	teamcoco	techbutthead	Hav36-TEETH|SINNER|MSFT.Net Nerd|GizmoJunkie|Love Old-UMRAO-JAAN Lyrics&amp;Songs|AmateurPhotogrphr|Loves HorrorMovies&amp;WatchALONEtechcocktail	techfrog	techguy	technopolitik	technosailor	tedcurtin	tedvalentin	teeco71	teegause	teenvogue	tehstigg	tekakwitha	telcomintl	tempetourism	temptintaurean	Yo laid back taurean, easy to get along with and fun to be very loving.   Hit me up for a chat yo.....  Peace happiness and joy BE SAFE AND BE WELLtendasesores	tennessean	tereset	tessa	@tessatessabarrera	texasdehawaii	tfbraelyn	tgdietz	tgirvin	I'm a writer, a designer, a wanderer. I'm looking for what lies beneath -- and what beauty can be found there.thachnguyen	Real Estate Expert, Selling Homes in Seattle for over 20+yrs A Proven Track Record &amp; Results 206-334-8773 Inspired by others and lives to be a contributor.thadx7	that_danielle	thatslydia	thaz7	thealexhluch	thealexisbrooks	theandresl	thebigdebowski	Social Media Junkie. Crafty Wordsmith. Amateur Food Photographer. Coffee Enthusiast. Sarcasm Practitioner. Founder: Social Hospitality. Blogger: Drink Play Grubtheblondemba	thebradical	thebradking	theconstruct	Art Director, illustrator, maker, bon vivantthedailymeal	thedailymel	thedailyshow	Jon Stewart and The Best F#@king News Team Ever take on the news with highlights, full episodes and more!  Comedy Central Mon - Thurs 11/10cthedairy_design	thedewtour	The 2011/12 season of the Winter Dew Tour is heading across the country - from Breckenridge, Colorado to Killington, Vermont to Snowbasin, Utah.  If you're in town, we have some places we recommend visiting in each location. Just check out our list of tips for ideas!thedistillery	thedivasmommy	thedrakehotel	thedreamincome	I'm a Home Business Professional in MLM/NetworkMarketing for 16years http://facebook.com/edwardbandrews http://edwardbandrews.comtheecofoodie	theellenshow	theexactlee	thefader	Follow FADER on foursquare and check in to check out tips on our favorite venues for music, threads, eats, and drinks in your city.the_geb	the_git	thegrammys	thegrio	thegschott	theheightspatch	theigirl	thejoshbjones	Media Ecologist/Technologist/Humanthemacstore	Follow us and check-in on Foursquare to unlock exclusive deals at The Mac Store locations near you and receive tips about your favorite Northwest places. From great local spots to enjoy a cup o' joe and free WiFi to hiking trails and awesome venues to cheer on your favorite college team.themaddestmax	themaninthehat	themeparkfrog	Follow us to discover tips on rides, attractions and shows at your favorite theme parks in Florida from the trusted name in attraction tickets.themfactor13	themiragelv	The heart of the Strip. The source of the eruption. As the first modern megaresort, The Mirage stands above (but at the center of) other Vegas hotels.themorningfresh	thenewschool	thenicolebusch	theonion	theonlyjgrant	theoriginaleb	theory__	Discover the experience that inspires us to inspire you. In Theory, anything is possible.thepatmorgan	thepatreidy	thepeterha	thephilth	thepixelvixen	theplanetd	Dave and Deb are an adventure travel Couple. They've travelled to the 7 continents inspiring others to live their dreamstheradryan	therealepison	the_real_rosen	I am who I am who I am, well,who am i?the_real_shaq	therobbie22	theskichannel	thespotoffmain	thetinno	thetorysmith	theurbandaily	The Urban Daily is the eyes and ears for what’s hot online, on the airwaves, and on the streets for Black America. Check in with us daily for the latest in urban music, pop culture and entertainment.    During the month of June, Black Music Month, follow us and check into our featured locations from the biggest moments in Black music. Unlock our “It’s All Black Music” badge and be recognized as the music expert you always knew yourself to be.thevakko	thewhyteninja	theycallmetree	thinknewmedia	Marketing strategies for brands &amp; businesses using Social Media, SEO, Mobile &amp; Video http://www.linkedin.com/in/josephdprasad http://www.gplus.to/josephprasadthisisbossi	thisisjeffrey	thisisstone	thomascrampton	thomastowell	Bacon.thomyi	thony_50	threadless	thrillist	Feeding you the best, newest and most underappreciated places and ways to eat, drink and travel.thunderkaraoke	thurstonchamber	The voice of the Thurston County business community since 1873. Follow us for local business events and networking opportunities.thutee	tiannacalcagno	tiboutoo	I make experiences.tiesto	Follow Tiësto on foursquare to checkin at shows, events, listening parties and stay up to date with the world's #1 DJ.tiffanydeshawn	tiffanyk	tiff_net	Follow us for tips on the latest happenings at TIFF Bell Lightbox and for exclusive offers found only on Foursquare.tikiamy1	tikkers	timbersfc	The official Foursquare page of the Portland Timbers of Major League Soccer.timcarrla	National Social Media @LiveNation, launched social program at Jerry Bruckheimer Films, avid concert goer, guitar player, iced coffee addicttimdifford	time	Every week in the magazine and every day online, TIME separates the crucial from the trivial, converts information into knowledge, and transforms confusion into clarity through exceptional writing, first-hand reporting and stunning photography.  Explore with us.timeoutmel	Melbourne's most respected arts, entertainment, nightlife and food guide.timeoutnewyork	Time Out New York is the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. Follow us for insider tips and lists of the best places to go and things to do in NYC.timfalls	Easy does it.timhoefer	Consultant for Resource Security.timlindley	timm3h	timmermansr	Freelance social media communication specialist, space ambassador and Arctic Expedition Leader. I prefer to check-in at space and cold places!timoreilly	Founder and CEO, O'Reilly Media. Watching the alpha geeks, sharing their stories, helping the future unfold.timourrashed	timreha	tinamarabito	tinasheing	tinkersparkle	tinokuehnel	tjkot	tjmediaguy	tkeyes8	tlc	tlongacre	tmobile	Welcome to T-Mobile's Foursquare community. Now, with T-Mobile JUMP, you can upgrade your phone when you want, not when you're told. Check-in to our stores!tneumann	tobby_2010	tobyd	todd1hhd	toddjolmstead	tomastokarcik	_tomdaly_	tomm_dogg	tommystearns	tom_nguyen_	tomtomcologne	tony_at_2ntense	tonyawalker11	tonyblass	tonydasco	tonyrobots	topazinteriors	topchauffeur	Colorado Airport Transportation specializes in 24/7 reliable  shuttle, limousine service for the Denver International Airport. #DenverAirport #ColoradoAirporttopguest	topwinenews	Get your top #wine news from the twitter vineyard. We keep high signal-to-noise ratio for our 100000+ followers ;) +K=58. Your Wine Lovers @AIMERmarketingtoreo	torrenegra	toryburch	Follow us and get tips from Tory on her favorite places to eat, sleep, shop and see around the world.totalbottomjock	total_financial	totallymorgan	totallytobin	tottums	traceyschroeder	tracystewart17	paradox, dialetheism, mom of jackson, max &amp; bennett, caretaker of atticus ratticus, lover of austin lifestyle #payitforwardtravaasa	travel_buddah	travelchannel	Get the most out of every moment, wherever you are, by putting the best tips from Travel Channel in your pocket.travelitalia	Ami viaggiare in Italia? Prima di partire scarica le guide turistiche, leggi i commenti sugli hotel, trova ristoranti e biglietti... #viaggi #travel #italiatravelmagazine	We travel the world to bring you the best tips from the places we check in to. Looking forward to your comments and suggestions.traveloregon	Follow us on Foursquare to find special Oregon Travel Tips from Oregon Insiders!travisfortney	travisketchum	travispearl	travlandleisure	travnation80	trevor_foley	treyjustice	treytakahashi	trikell27	tripadvisor	Follow TripAdvisor on foursquare to get insider tips from our more than 60 million traveler reviews and opinions, access to lists from our prestigious Travelers' Choice awards and curated guides for major cities. TripAdvisor, the world’s largest travel website, has collected the best insider tips from its more than 50 million unique monthly visitors on where to eat, sleep and play in thousands of destinations around the world to produce a unique series of travel guides. In addition to the best hotels, restaurants and attractions for every type of traveler, you’ll get great advice about what to pack, how to get around and where to find the best views. Be sure to check out the guides at www.tripadvisor.com.tripointsports	Helping athletes achieve their goals around the world.trishamahoney	trish_thibault	tristanwalker	Hi!triviaad	Customized trivia events such as Arrested Development Trivia, Princess Bride Trivia and many more. Visit us at TriviaAD.com for our full schedule.troylavallee	troylogan	trumpcollection	tsparnell	Single, Business Owner, Father, Love to Travel and be outdoors. Have a great day.  www.TimothyParnell.comtstitt	tttunafish	tulisabel	turbo614	Co-owner of mygamr.net. Ios/android dev.  Game dev for win,win8 and Mac OS.turian	turkishairlines	tweetfind	twinity	twizzlers	txtekgnerd	txtorch1	tyang209	tydowning	tylerdickinson	tylergould	tylerstalder	ualrssr	Just a little boo boo in Michigan.uconn	UConn is home to more than 30,000 students, 1,300 faculty, 230,000 proud alumni, and a handsome husky named Jonathan.udcourtyard	udovetter	Strafverteidigerumdeema	umg	Follow us and check in on foursquare to unlock the music around you! You'll discover tips about your favorite record stores and music venues. Listen, discover, and share!unacatalina	unimelb	unleashedpetspa	unmarketing	untappd	Untappd is a social network for beer drinkers that allows them to check-in to what they're drinking and where, rate and review the beer, and share it.urbanhiker	urhandreader	urj	The Union for Reform Judaism (URJ) connects Reform Jewish communities in North America to create a dynamic network of congregants, lay leaders, clergy and professionals.usajoerob	usatoday	user/10013596	user/10077791	user/1008139	user/10106799	user/10133886	user/1013495	user/10137010	user/10139315	National Party Chairman for The Cocktail Party, Classic Cocktail &amp; Party enthusiast, Snow Skier, Seattle Native. Live in Seattle, WAuser/10155861	Artist &amp; designer  Www.durban-decor.comuser/10156629	user/1016488	user/10264576	user/10282835	user/1029303	user/10302667	user/10318846	user/10329735	user/10333220	user/10338868	user/10345420	user/1036351	user/10368420	user/1041916	user/10487836	user/10496459	user/10570295	user/10586437	user/10597433	user/10670442	user/106794	user/10690238	user/10696885	user/107019	user/1074300	user/10745568	user/10760854	user/10773741	user/10790830	user/10802076	user/10836548	user/10843148	user/10860956	user/10863957	user/10892306	user/10893087	user/10906435	user/1090721	user/10915189	user/10929900	user/1093973	user/10967605	user/10999993	user/110098	user/11013092	user/11016189	user/11052542	user/1110582	Instagram - TheEdgarCampa Twitter: @TheEdgarCampa Add me on Facebook!user/11145333	user/11155860	user/11167947	user/1117528	user/11187180	user/11195764	user/1119876	user/11203277	user/1120983	Full time traveler. Founder of The Austinot. http://austinot.comuser/11225639	user/11228137	user/11232138	user/11236912	user/11238540	user/11278556	user/11306467	user/11316548	user/11326089	user/11337382	user/11339646	user/11341370	user/11345736	user/11364058	user/11366068	user/11369929	I am a Entrepreneur, Army #Veteran, ex#firefighter and nationally recognized for my articles on business &amp; #networking.user/11370729	user/1137697	user/11378681	user/11384979	user/11394698	user/11398914	user/11409682	user/114208	user/11435246	user/11443174	user/11470154	user/11472069	user/11474941	user/1151770	user/11546593	user/11553209	user/115565	user/11563923	user/11573534	user/11594898	Real Estate Agent for SalCal.  Serving all of your real estate and social media needs.  8609193958  Find us on the web http://www.salcal.comuser/11610461	Social Media, HR, Recruiting, Foodie, pet parent of Shih Tzu Carmen Jr.user/1161588	user/11617186	user/1161856	user/11620772	user/116418	user/11642859	user/1165459	user/1165470	user/11683	user/11685568	user/11694013	user/11696753	user/1170140	user/1172972	user/11738847	user/11740721	user/1174840	user/11781309	user/11841734	user/11844173	user/11859452	user/11860743	user/11864613	user/11885398	Real recognise real,not ur everyday guy.user/11914704	user/11917004	user/11921365	user/11931688	user/11950979	user/11979222	Freight relocation specialist with a masters in flatbed engineering.user/1198912	user/11993258	user/11997470	user/12003454	user/12008971	user/12024190	user/12038983	user/1204185	user/120476	user/12063451	user/12063806	user/12088241	user/12089232	user/12091930	Live life like there's no 2rrow but make sure 2 kiss ur kids everyday n tell'em just how much u love'em cause u never know when it'll be 2 late.user/12093360	user/12101430	user/12104433	user/12112990	user/1218461	user/12193419	user/12196102	user/12196919	user/12197805	Come in for Caffe Vita, Snoqualmie Ice Cream, Macrina goodies,Piroshki, Burritos and moreuser/1223645	user/12238963	user/12245060	user/12249938	user/12269005	user/12269697	user/12289586	user/12293714	user/12296626	user/12321483	user/12335947	user/12337494	user/12360360	user/12366460	I am all that. And then some.user/12401395	user/12401702	user/12401830	user/1241623	user/12417145	user/12422194	user/1243198	user/12446655	user/12451823	user/12461790	user/12498027	user/12501650	user/12505713	user/12515498	user/1253142	user/12532170	user/12535914	user/12536292	user/12552488	user/12575064	user/12577223	user/12584069	user/12607588	user/12608709	user/12619916	user/12623351	user/1262717	Woo hoo!!!user/12635575	user/12639245	user/1265481	user/12659796	user/12676401	TIFF is a charitable cultural organization with a mission to transform the way people see the world through film.user/12676421	Red Bull vitalizes body and mind. It's the only Energy Drink that #GivesYouWings.user/1268091	user/12684783	user/12701151	user/12701894	user/12744083	user/12745245	facebook -&gt; jose rosello maddy Instagram --&gt; _Ibicencco_user/12747628	user/12755314	user/12757203	user/1275757	user/12759215	user/12797179	user/12806389	user/12812563	user/12823344	user/12831305	user/1283753	user/12848060	user/12854088	user/12900384	user/12903578	user/1291885	user/1292695	user/12932116	user/12957856	Love to traveluser/12974777	user/12977045	user/12997786	user/1300477	user/1301958	user/1302303	user/13027688	user/13039312	user/1305463	user/13072183	user/130771	“Pour yourself a drink, put on some lipstick, and pull yourself together.” ― Elizabeth Taylor ::: All the awesomeness and nonsense created by Nannette Eaton.user/13090987	user/13104399	user/13124370	user/13136605	SumTotal Systems is the global leader in cloud-based strategic human capital management (HCM) solutions.user/13140857	user/1314237	user/13146990	user/13160125	user/13184380	user/13236866	user/13273397	user/13320325	user/1334658	user/13380409	user/13393978	user/13417402	user/13438528	user/13460404	user/13478974	user/13489354	user/13495909	Life is too short to wake up with regrets. So love the people who treat you right. Forget about the one's who don't. Believe things happen for a reason....user/13501581	user/13504713	user/13567422	user/13572286	user/13611350	user/13645319	user/13649727	user/13667870	user/13687659	user/13737138	user/13739252	user/13749065	user/137497	user/13780197	user/1378634	Disaster technologist, emergency manager, photographer, geocacheruser/13787411	user/13788646	user/13798841	user/1380028	user/13800769	user/13802197	user/13863398	user/13865316	user/13873099	Comedian. Engineer. Scientist. BS Artist.user/1389596	user/13904857	user/13927884	user/139344	user/13943063	I’d rather be playing. 🎸user/13947478	user/13967818	user/13983331	Always looking for great vegan food. Loving my sweet little family, including pets.user/14040101	user/14044808	user/14060985	user/140788	user/14097400	user/14099121	user/14100663	user/14102528	user/14103554	user/14104467	user/141167	user/14126306	user/14136905	user/1413839	user/14141750	user/14144086	SEO Expert, Online Publisher, Google Certified, Oregon Football Fan, ROI Rainmaker, Link Builder,Chili Cook Off Contender, Social Media Expert,I Follow Backuser/14152590	user/141563	user/14157149	Barona Resort &amp; Casino http://www.barona.com/                                                 1-888-7-BARONAuser/14203204	user/14209104	user/14212872	Perfil feito para o blablámetro do TIMBETA... #RumoAoBetaLabuser/14216628	user/14237103	user/14237839	user/14264310	user/14266435	user/14285336	user/14288195	user/1429737	user/1429816	user/14312853	user/14319481	user/14331078	user/1437403	user/14534449	user/14537605	user/1454217	user/14563788	user/1458612	user/14620271	user/14664932	Never stop exploring.user/14665312	user/14667071	user/14706641	user/1474938	user/14751753	user/1476208	user/14821	Founder/CEO Shutterstockuser/14826684	user/14826826	user/14894	user/1496114	user/1498430	user/14995148	user/15011482	user/15058839	user/1506299	user/15077088	user/15090676	user/15094642	Mr. Fry Guy/fried turkeyuser/150989	user/1511595	user/1517502	Connect with me on "Michael J. Schiemer" and visit www.MyFrugalFitness.com | New Twitter Account @iFrugalFitness &amp; New Instagram @FrugalFitness #FrugalFitnessuser/15203132	user/15215966	user/1522898	user/15258637	user/15276386	Nevada Tree Service offers the best tree service in Las Vegas Valley.user/15291363	user/1529464	user/15323658	user/15348323	user/15354796	user/15361522	user/15366764	user/153681	user/1537045	user/15373482	user/1541031	user/15419443	user/15432456	user/1544139	user/15464309	user/15491099	user/15513684	user/15517160	user/15532014	user/15569394	user/15570962	user/15624751	user/15660156	^_____^user/156873	user/15702104	user/15705488	user/15743938	user/15789080	user/15797976	user/15842330	user/15876874	user/15906472	user/15913593	user/15939383	user/1594123	user/15942351	user/15985662	user/15996329	user/16030995	user/16037029	user/1604284	user/1610052	user/16121087	user/16148207	user/16148900	user/161634	user/16170998	user/161973	user/16217133	user/1621853	user/1621938	user/1622477	user/16243958	user/162465	user/16260326	user/16260628	user/16270963	user/16316783	Presse-Service Karin Sebelin - texts made-to-measure / consulting in communication --- #human #media --- free journalist, writer, blogger, editor, proofreaderuser/16320567	user/1635025	user/16361042	user/1637213	user/16424414	user/16432934	user/16481923	user/16483909	user/16485201	user/16520940	user/16524746	user/16527999	user/16542219	user/16563901	user/16563915	user/16569815	user/16575958	user/16589337	user/1660407	user/16650104	user/16659363	user/16671045	user/167384	user/16739066	user/16788266	user/16794204	user/16806664	I have very wonderful children that I love dearly. I believe laughing and dancing are good for the soul.  Never forget your true friends.user/16809336	Design Excellent Award 2012 (Packaging) Winner, for purchase please at http://www.eco-maximals.comuser/1683407	Living and loving.user/16840707	user/16846760	user/16858925	user/16864788	user/1687353	user/16879612	user/16887027	user/16888271	Marketing and business development professional with 25 years of experience in print &amp; digital ad sales, account management, and leadership of departments.user/1689479	Founded in 1992 and building amazing things ever since.  We're worldwide, but we call Nashville home.user/169007	user/169031	user/16926274	user/169445	user/16945575	user/16957752	user/16962907	user/16967504	user/16973415	user/16988406	user/17008072	user/17013322	user/17021511	user/1704240	user/17051257	user/17097573	user/1710609	user/1714532	user/1715371	user/1717028	user/1717188	user/17205394	user/172069	user/17214130	user/17252861	user/17267497	user/1727292	user/17282019	user/17283618	user/17311077	user/17315113	user/17350621	user/17370643	user/17398860	user/17399092	Baller, shot-caller.user/17399906	user/17411840	user/17445025	user/17467120	user/17471868	user/17495963	user/17508804	user/17516314	user/17516990	user/17539725	user/17552935	user/17560541	user/17571210	user/17590442	user/17600904	user/1761418	user/17657330	user/17712900	user/17750813	user/17771755	user/17773421	https://www.facebook.com/tompurdesign?ref=hluser/178207	Chairman of the Dallas County Republican Party @DallasGOP &amp; Host of The Wade Emmert Show on 660AM-The Answer.user/1783431	user/17835997	user/17838874	user/1784053	user/17863067	user/178665	user/17867186	user/17872682	user/17910613	user/17918256	user/17947510	www.LANailCoach.com  "Never Give Up on Your Greatness" Polish It Forward With LOVEuser/17950008	user/18040174	user/18105438	user/1813281	user/1814481	user/18223611	user/18256329	Looking to find new people and places to check out and someone to join me going to restaurants, or enjoying beers and wines.user/18280387	user/18287205	user/18366806	user/18370164	user/18405653	user/18433180	user/18478321	user/18499129	user/18512156	user/18520112	user/185272	user/1854675	user/18572669	user/18580227	user/1858489	user/1859555	user/18635563	user/18635624	user/18649973	user/18659597	user/1870825	user/18711484	user/18719041	user/1872535	user/18760453	user/18762787	user/18783881	user/18792905	user/18795403	user/18795884	user/18825324	user/18832687	user/18837267	user/1888434	user/1889001	user/18893602	user/1889561	user/1892948	user/18951797	user/18956781	Life long Texan, foodie, and searcher of all things free.user/18987411	user/1900172	user/19003811	user/19014605	user/19018628	user/1901875	user/19021638	user/19028154	user/19034209	user/1903610	The secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out on the inside.user/19069824	user/19083722	user/190899	user/19124538	user/19133101	user/19175697	user/19234070	user/19292807	user/19316075	user/19365965	user/19430045	user/19462248	user/19469778	user/19500085	user/19526254	user/19532117	user/19533154	user/195820	user/1959288	user/19627789	user/1964881	user/19679298	user/1970396	user/19789982	Five Star Real Estate Professional as mentioned in the Delaware Today.  I am a licensed Delaware and Maryland Broker, Food Cone-sour &amp; World Traveler.user/19838078	user/19846974	user/1984753	user/19912327	user/19916930	user/19959919	user/19966442	user/19992205	user/19995923	user/20007014	user/20022452	user/20040634	user/20047869	user/20048578	user/20090160	user/20113658	user/20122791	user/20133980	user/20143938	user/20147221	Amo viajar.. Otra más del montón..user/20152439	user/2018169	wechat  duccio81267user/20212442	user/20261961	user/20270316	user/20272074	user/20277600	user/20280851	user/20281581	user/20295945	user/2031053	user/20395484	user/2040919	user/20429534	user/20448707	user/20449816	user/20498493	user/20532447	user/20564001	user/20564626	user/20616793	user/20645317	user/20656482	user/20688781	user/20699762	user/20752425	user/2079660	user/20805970	user/208343	user/20839373	user/20865784	user/20866134	user/20870987	user/20936944	user/20956244	user/20964252	user/20970656	user/21024976	user/21027434	user/21038832	user/21049285	user/21052206	user/21090111	Yeditepe Universityuser/21096209	user/21144584	user/21148864	user/21190860	user/21217344	user/2122269	user/21247994	I am not a high maitinece woman. The simple things mean more to me. I have 3 kids ages 21,22,&amp;24. 2 girls 1son. I have 2 grandsons born within the last year.  .user/21268047	user/21303875	Scentsy &amp; grace Adele independent consultant , mom of 3 crazy kids &amp; wife to the love of my lifeuser/21331594	user/21341726	user/21363860	user/21372840	user/21374234	user/2139065	user/21396825	user/21409468	user/21459149	user/21464367	user/2150711	user/21517111	user/21541864	user/21544295	37 Year Old Female Engaged to my WONDERFUL Fiancé David Marasigan. We have been in a Commited Relationship for 12 Years! We have 3 WONDERFUL Kid's Together!user/2160084	user/2161662	user/21638827	Loveable friendly lady who loves her family very much engaged to my gorgeous mikeyr xxuser/21655817	user/21681351	user/21687577	user/21719531	user/21741189	user/21757791	user/21831337	user/21840736	user/21860631	user/21871616	Consultor SEO, Webmaster y Community Manageruser/21889202	user/21913035	user/21935302	user/2194319	user/21943459	user/21959093	user/2197957	user/21981363	user/21988286	user/22019757	user/22049604	user/22051478	user/22052836	user/2206964	user/22101575	user/22108021	user/22110657	user/22167374	user/22188617	user/22190235	user/22191286	user/22191896	user/22207980	user/22242300	Founder - Converging Zone - www.convergingzone.com   Life Coach -Trainer - Talk Show Host- Author - “a catalyst for inspiration, transformation, and healing"user/22245604	user/22258815	user/22269536	user/22273736	user/2232051	user/223244	user/22324628	user/2236814	user/22369599	user/22377328	user/2238988	user/22401676	user/22402587	user/22424140	US Army vet cancer survivoruser/22486530	user/22488183	user/22511750	user/22551556	user/22575424	user/2260526	user/22649637	user/22656671	user/22688476	user/22731921	user/22735711	user/22786453	user/22811892	user/2282113	user/22852473	user/22874	user/22899122	user/2292458	user/22929770	user/2295232	user/22955657	user/22985067	user/23002110	user/23036670	user/23123493	user/2313007	user/2313782	user/23143305	user/23149629	instagram- dubsqueet Facebook- Taylor Celesteuser/23157986	user/23170957	www.allenlimo.comuser/23198959	user/23201600	user/23210367	user/2323843	user/23243768	user/23277078	user/23298628	user/2331330	user/23315258	user/2335047	user/23366541	user/23370644	Copper Mountain is a Colorado ski resort located in Summit County, Colorado.user/2337629	user/23396727	user/23429229	user/23438536	user/23440525	Capri Jewelry Inc has been serving Worldwide with Certified Diamonds and Custom Designed Elite Jewelry Fashions. www.CapriJewelryInc.comuser/23442563	user/23444298	user/23447610	user/23456071	user/23508408	user/23525628	user/23527695	user/23536903	user/23605750	user/23608893	user/23609853	user/23617073	If its not tied down its solduser/23637270	user/23665943	user/23678063	user/23678387	user/23690712	user/23696440	user/23699832	user/2371288	user/2371526	user/2375386	user/23757406	user/2376477	user/2377388	Snapchat: 84Texas_Guyuser/2381979	user/23853938	user/238949	user/23901896	Instagram : A1386Puser/23920364	Queensland's accommodation specialists based on the Gold Coast. Contact us and mention you're a Foursquare friend for special prices and exclusive offers :)user/23931020	user/23950952	user/23987572	user/23991190	user/23991987	Go-Go dancer, stripper and Harward Alumni.user/24006778	Love discovering new placesuser/2406083	user/24064598	user/24071534	user/24081128	user/24082203	user/24102304	user/24143149	user/24193854	user/24207412	user/24235812	user/24238212	user/2430271	user/243031	user/2431458	user/2435879	user/24425968	user/24430137	user/24476970	user/24487416	user/24488668	user/2451117	user/2451500	user/24533973	user/24557377	user/24566687	user/24656893	user/2468	user/2470051	user/2470464	user/2472336	user/2474284	user/24769568	user/24794	user/24802093	user/24813267	user/24825063	user/2482668	user/24834456	Medical Director, Mayo Clinic Center for Social Media, Advanced Heart Failure Transplant Cardiologistuser/24841129	user/24857000	user/24857743	user/24918341	user/24926505	user/2499051	user/25000069	user/2500026	user/25009402	user/25074219	user/25078856	user/25125173	user/2514519	Living the life in South Florida!user/25148845	user/25150788	user/2519680	user/2521421	user/25224276	user/2523105	user/25285628	user/25320422	user/25339055	user/25359596	Its SUMMER TIME BABY!!!!!#user/25361750	Educado, sencillo, agradable, congruente, en busca d Amigos d Calidad.user/25370654	user/25376836	I'm Sajanu Ganeshan,working at Shree Vengadeshwaraa Networks ( PVT ) LTD As a Business Development Executive.user/2539787	user/25398656	user/25399004	user/25413407	user/25434469	user/25479683	user/25493497	user/25527283	user/25554403	user/25564021	user/25574446	user/25605787	user/25615698	user/25654138	user/2567171	user/25696643	user/25698193	user/25702325	Empowering and connecting quality journalists and brands. Our manifesto: Quality is King; Freelance is the Future; Anyone can be a Publisher.user/25723549	user/25743303	user/25752283	Graduate of Temple School of Dentistry. I have been practicing orthodontics in Montgomery and Philadelphia counties for almost 20 years.user/25757767	user/25775684	user/25779863	user/25798726	user/25876607	user/2588263	user/25899136	user/25918007	user/25918806	user/25956777	user/2595961	user/25973505	user/26014716	user/26044078	user/26087295	user/26099566	user/261097	user/26169344	user/26188258	user/26204093	user/26216650	user/26216926	Do not ask for anything that you're not willing to give!user/2621942	user/26280051	user/26300467	Boutique special event facility with versatile space, good food, state of the art AV and professional service located on the Wilmington Riverfrontuser/26329788	user/2643244	user/26455351	user/26461402	user/26464445	user/26508733	user/2651574	user/26533002	user/26560040	user/26584915	user/26608612	user/26613044	user/26660857	user/26741695	user/26748477	user/26771839	user/26786973	user/26791639	user/2681053	user/2686089	user/26866341	user/26873707	user/26911649	user/26946800	user/26962960	user/26963921	user/26998037	Integrated Marketer. Award-Winning Writer. Chef extraordinaire. Cool Mom.user/27005464	user/27049029	user/27070326	Drama Teacher, Sussex Central HSuser/2708770	user/27118834	user/27128042	user/27187923	user/27207837	user/27217040	user/272627	user/27263811	user/2727556	user/27306459	user/2734203	user/2735715	user/2736387	user/27395474	user/27402303	user/27416747	user/27496311	user/27530659	I Like To Go Here, I Like To Go There &amp; A Little Bit Of Everywhereuser/2754014	user/27571208	user/27600398	user/27632390	user/27703837	user/27704626	user/27711446	user/27712395	user/27722624	user/27727122	user/27727848	user/27760516	user/2776079	NYC realtor. runner. traveler. aspiring chef. yogi.  Instagram: nycadamuser/278127	user/27814749	user/27818373	user/27821016	user/27821512	user/27826731	user/27827747	user/27831839	user/2783823	user/27899746	user/27919897	user/2796838	user/2798242	user/2801120	user/2801141	user/28025516	user/28045823	user/28063883	user/28080467	user/28128608	user/28150306	user/28175238	user/28177251	user/28203799	user/28215344	user/28217887	user/2823549	user/28254835	user/28304395	user/28323510	user/28330	user/28366241	user/28413454	user/2851162	user/28521142	user/28601244	user/28627270	user/28640446	user/28691573	user/28695693	user/2870215	user/28727969	user/28735343	user/28798719	user/2882626	user/28878425	user/2888144	user/28886075	user/2892607	user/28952113	user/28958129	user/28962767	user/28971	user/2898565	Lots of Dunkin'.user/29001132	Hello, My name is Rosen Mooralian. I am a freelancer writer; I have written different articles for different topics like relationship, divorce law, divorce etcuser/29016370	user/29030440	user/29037789	user/29082825	user/29084996	user/29136692	user/29209626	user/29215866	user/2924702	user/29250524	Last message was:  Woo hoo! A week to go then I'm off to Maui!! Love, love, LOVE it!  Today: Boo hoo! I'm home.  :(  Miss it already!user/2925619	user/29269456	user/29274742	user/29275562	SINGLE ❤user/29278768	user/29299426	user/29329314	user/29331710	user/29365387	user/29375367	user/29463	user/2948472	user/2950256	user/29546549	user/29591693	Zombies may need love too, but always remember to aim for the head. ;)user/29596087	Segment &amp; digital producer for "Melissa Harris-Perry," airing weekends on msnbc. Twitter: @JamilSmith.user/29608563	user/29653161	user/29769490	user/29773950	user/29783087	user/29803399	user/2982057	user/29891572	user/30010739	user/3002030	user/30040527	Naci en Tuxpan, Veracruz Estudie en la UNAM Lic. en Derechouser/3004340	user/3006001	user/3009234	user/3010419	The San Diego Reader is an alternative newspaper published every Thursday focusing on local politics, personalities, events, dining, and the arts. SDReader.comuser/301087	user/30124136	user/30126238	user/30135895	user/30213119	user/30235194	user/30253199	user/3028489	user/30297774	user/30445154	user/30507349	just doin it!user/3056774	user/306087	user/3073827	user/3075009	user/3077862	user/30801814	user/30844729	I'm cool guy,,;,Lol,,!?user/30880	user/30882363	user/30884369	user/308853	user/30889415	We develop the finest temporary tattoos for runners and triathletes. www.rungoddess.comuser/3090863	Retired Lt. Firefighter/Paramedic..25 years of service.  Huge Blackhawks Fan, Love the Cubbies &amp; Chicago Bears.  Love the outdoors, camping, hiking, fishing.user/3095877	user/30981142	user/31045747	user/31046227	user/31049501	user/31052013	user/31058567	user/3117221	user/31395754	Californian by birth, New Yorker by choice. I'm a compulsive to-do list writer with a soft spot for mimosas and bacon.user/31418525	user/31423288	user/31451647	user/31503181	user/31507661	user/31514100	user/31549070	user/3156339	user/31596845	user/31617777	user/31622801	user/31652552	user/31684793	user/317538	user/318041	user/31831641	user/31842236	user/3188366	user/31930924	soy cafetero es un antioxidante pregunta lo que quieras sobre cultura griega me mola se cocinaruser/3197426	user/31994522	user/32023565	user/320339	I love to push the limits of communication and technology.user/3207648	user/32158792	user/32187416	user/3222607	user/32239747	user/3234392	user/3236440	user/32383803	user/32477048	user/3248886	user/3253	user/32563078	I am a Senior Enterprise, SharePoint, Cloud Architect, with extensive experience SharePoint 2007, 2010 and 2013 solutions on the cloud &amp; on-premuser/32571943	user/32604419	user/3261577	user/32620228	user/32650274	I get arounduser/3265923	user/3266012	user/32691830	user/32821021	Miselu designs innovative products to create the next generation of musical experiences.user/328486	user/32848743	user/3285654	Always giving my all maybe will find someone to appreciate what I do for themuser/32878657	user/3290774	user/33035167	user/33035958	user/3307225	user/3312129	user/3313409	user/33137538	Mummmmauser/331925	user/33286866	user/3330801	user/33389479	bright and famoususer/33418421	user/33421842	user/3344772	user/33484923	user/33648070	user/33684582	•Nişantaşı University __snap 👻 gulayldrmm                            I❤️Allahuser/33797045	user/33803139	user/33824032	user/3384637	user/33870764	user/33886108	user/33932691	user/3405843	user/3406038	user/34180529	user/34250125	user/34275346	user/34315977	user/34321637	user/34322068	user/34329074	user/34332689	user/34384010	user/3442353	user/34523345	Musicianuser/3458031	user/3462851	user/34681187	user/34772249	user/3480547	user/34815975	user/34874845	user/34947183	user/34997323	We believe that visitors to London should feel like locals. #Livelikealocal on Twitter and see London from a different perspective - in a classic Mini Cooperuser/35017639	23. Teacher. In love with life and my family!!!user/35022399	user/3503095	user/35050250	user/35096654	user/35117942	user/35155679	user/35232	user/35240436	user/3527443	user/35404344	user/35437368	user/3548796	user/3558682	user/3560748	user/3563055	user/35659657	♥️NYC Sicilian 🇮🇹 Photographer📸Entrepreneur⛱Health🌴Wealth😎Sales💰Marketing👠VIP Host, ✈️ Travel💋MotivesProArtist💄💅🏻MotivesCosmetics.com/702Deniseuser/35722232	Never Any Doubt.user/35740727	Don't screw up your chance!!user/35767793	user/3578737	user/3580375	user/35885	I have my full bio on the blog at http://www.StuckInCustoms.comuser/35892889	user/35903103	user/35968360	user/35973472	user/36024583	#nightlife #style #socialmedia #pr #fashion @garyspencerruser/3604814	user/36078393	user/3617950	user/36202183	user/36256267	user/3628151	user/36289721	user/36319100	I'm a fun loving, risk taking, crazy lady. I'm the president of www.shiftinsistersmc.com. I own www.casualcigars.com. Check out our line of cigars and hookah.user/36374500	22, single, Lafayette Indiana, want to know more just askuser/36406782	user/36413424	user/36427443	İnstagram: baldudaklisevgilim  Bal 🎀Dudaklı🎀diyorki Konuşurken kendini iyi hissettiğin insanı sakın kaybetme...🎀user/36438252	user/36444020	user/36476767	Always somewhereuser/365193	user/36529919	I'm a digital advertising, marketing &amp; social media management consultant located in Southern CA.  A technical geek from the go!user/36563244	user/36565864	user/3669698	user/3671249	user/36753026	movie freaks, easy going, music addict, art addict :D :p    Well, i love you as long as you love me ;) ;)user/36793072	user/36849545	user/36865950	user/36880	user/3705371	user/371393	user/3720720	user/3723758	user/37270930	user/37273300	user/37286870	user/37323741	user/37404668	user/37416906	HUMILDADE,  ESSA E A PALAVRA CHAVE PARA VIVER MELHOR.user/374577	user/37560096	user/37566943	user/37609694	user/37631707	user/37640102	user/376740	user/37706917	user/37758005	user/3778524	user/37934192	user/37936745	user/37968916	user/37992913	user/38112968	Eu posso ser tudo aquilo que você mais ama, mas eu sou além de tudo cruel e vingativa ... add e conheça mais!!!user/3813459	user/38183965	Arts Center Killingworth celebrates the artist in all by developing and presenting visual and performing arts throughout the Connecticut Shoreline and beyond.user/38193187	user/38195701	user/38226287	user/3827766	user/38304639	user/38307366	user/38348956	user/38385759	user/38391	Dad. Husband. Writer. Artist Director at Mixed Magic Theatre (@MMTHope). Lover of Random Facts.user/38395212	user/3841217	user/3841641	user/38422758	user/38432168	user/385269	user/38538145	user/38539295	user/38587382	user/38599086	user/38611361	user/38637782	user/38687482	user/38780007	Single guy, lover of dogs, livin largeuser/38781727	user/38826386	user/3884393	user/38904367	user/38911665	user/3892761	user/38956927	user/38980801	I am a sweet and happy person who loves to travel and make friends 😄❤️user/39025155	Aew galera me segue no twitter que eu sigo tambem (operacao tim beta lab)   WWW.TWITTER.COM/VARJAO0user/39041637	user/3906848	user/3910454	My passion is teaching music. I've been a hornist in the Disneyland All American College Band and the USAF Band of Liberty. Nearly finished with MME at IU. MBA.user/39120431	user/39215497	user/39231751	user/3929848	user/3930249	user/39335283	user/39374128	user/3938054	user/39421114	user/39425433	Basically a homebody but I like amusement parks, cooking, all zoos, Mortal Kombat (lol) &amp; chillin' w/ friends. I'm also a fine art photographer of male imagery.user/39433075	user/39446235	user/39450095	user/39506481	user/39554669	user/39625042	user/39632210	user/39642214	user/3966552	user/39682374	user/39753219	user/39760855	user/3983691	user/39888219	user/3991471	user/3991475	user/39949660	user/4002474	user/40112067	user/40136	user/40169838	user/40205703	user/40228313	user/4023230	user/40245447	I promote a 90 Day Health and Fitness Challenge... And using it create my health, life and prosperity!user/40256405	user/40290942	user/40310156	user/40319443	user/4033788	user/40433830	user/4044721	user/4046544	user/405255	Innovation Catalystuser/40557292	user/4058425	user/40630514	user/40705018	user/40715211	user/40739447	user/407395	user/40877670	user/40877746	user/40879949	user/40898008	...user/40969261	Twitter: MiHhCRF Instagram: mihhcrf Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MiHhCRFuser/40986420	user/41043845	user/41077394	user/4111441	user/4111521	user/41138942	user/4115250	user/41154364	user/41183676	user/41186190	user/41189183	user/41245124	user/41252006	user/41272389	Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier M.Teresa #God #Family #UsGuys http://thelibbybakersweiger.com/ #Love to all!user/4131919	user/41356376	user/41408964	user/41414582	user/41438236	user/41515020	user/415347	user/420741	user/4212060	user/4220129	user/4234917	user/4240585	user/4250590	user/4255569	user/4285946	user/4302595	user/4324743	user/434016	user/4346359	user/4349300	user/435367	user/4383010	user/4383146	user/4399383	user/4411738	user/4420124	user/4450656	user/4472738	user/4475643	user/4484663	user/4500108	user/4520987	user/452667	user/4543970	Traveled to 100+ countries and growing... Where to next?user/4547435	user/4609458	user/4613552	user/4632143	user/4643235	user/4658042	user/467164	Kick rocks haters and weirdosuser/467396	user/4704336	user/4710339	user/4769238	user/478538	user/4788313	user/4794169	www.AdamBouska.comuser/480918	user/4810209	Rocket Scientist, Longhorn, Parrothead, Legion of Super-Heroes fan, craps player, Springsteen groupie, nomad. Trained astronauts for fun &amp; profit.user/4826701	user/4828263	user/4830536	user/4840451	user/4843138	user/4847996	user/4859015	user/4914686	user/4919415	user/4925418	user/4945059	user/4968303	user/4976819	user/4981043	user/5003321	user/500504	user/5006377	user/5006707	user/5017259	user/5023936	user/504214	user/505694	user/5071235	user/5123752	user/5164013	user/516714	user/5224542	user/5225546	user/523388	user/523398	user/52842	user/535008	user/5367499	user/5372133	user/5373833	user/539105	user/540724	user/5408749	user/5429544	user/5431319	user/5449203	user/5472879	user/5542127	user/5545257	user/5546121	user/5552156	user/555949	user/5572895	user/558133	user/5599706	user/5631443	user/564	user/564633	user/5670713	user/5689591	user/5715657	user/5732110	user/5733839	user/57355	user/574720	user/575214	user/5757936	user/5780507	user/578817	user/5805101	user/585819	user/5866755	user/5894653	user/5895661	user/5904925	user/5921149	user/595416	user/596158	user/5970925	user/60113	http://vhirsch.comuser/6067196	user/6074194	user/6094057	user/610250	user/6121217	user/6122069	user/6122551	user/6135436	user/6197	user/620810	user/62541	user/6277804	In 1982, 3 friends opened a restaurant in Dallas TX to share the food they grew up with. The spirit of sharing Border-Style food lives on today @ On The Border.user/6291298	user/6354851	user/6384715	user/64006	user/6416657	user/6422602	user/6423962	user/6464688	user/6479261	user/648386	user/6484132	user/650058	user/6533402	user/65568	user/6589720	user/66036	user/6640485	user/6706086	user/6729167	user/6730343	user/6737139	Make games. Play games. Sleep. Repeat.user/6739007	254 S. 12th Street www.clubicandy.com Facebook: ICandyNightclub / ClubiCandy Twitter: ClubiCandy / ICandyNightclubuser/6779947	user/6824605	user/682775	user/6829698	user/6864393	user/689501	AIRCRAFT, COWBOYS, BOATING, FISHING, EATING, MY TRUCK!user/6902739	user/6906226	user/6941778	user/6955507	user/6959745	user/6968922	user/697117	user/6976351	user/6984238	user/7019567	user/702885	user/7042023	USC Marshall School of Business '99 Finance &amp; International Economics Merchant Services Industryuser/7045285	user/70730	user/707362	user/707376	user/7090426	user/70962	user/7100902	user/7120880	user/7146034	user/7161173	user/7189521	user/7194483	user/7205828	user/7211288	user/723355	user/7245354	user/7248102	user/7252639	user/7265577	user/7271324	Former Utahn living the good life in San Francisco.user/7271329	user/7320211	user/7349115	user/7373789	user/738721	user/7405177	user/7408692	user/741180	user/7411824	user/7418013	user/74417	user/7443254	user/746234	....i is where i is...user/7469405	user/7476734	user/7482380	user/7504637	user/7539719	user/75430	user/7554208	user/755444	user/7555620	user/756027	user/7562146	user/7588936	user/7595951	user/7598649	user/7600128	user/7603236	user/760603	user/761441	user/7635216	user/7636511	user/7638524	user/7639603	user/7646452	user/764915	user/7678110	user/7680054	user/7687955	It Work's Independent Distributor, Owner of Mix One For Me Service's and just a chill chick that enjoys hanging out with good friends and family.user/7708169	user/7717680	user/7717755	user/7731549	user/773791	user/7746645	user/7749001	user/7766180	user/7800190	user/7826277	Just a small town girl... Living in a lonely world...user/7826786	user/7831946	Full time Real Estate Sales Associate for Keller Williams Realty West Monmouth - local market expert if Middlesex, Monmouth, Somerset and Union Counties...user/783465	user/7854611	user/7890290	Stay at home mom of 2 who loves to knit and crochet.user/789875	user/7918584	user/7928369	user/79295	user/7930455	user/7931835	Guitarist and pastor in Phoenix (1992-2007), Austin (2007-2011) and back in Phoenix (2011-present)user/7949784	user/7955502	We are a medical marijuana collective based in San Diego and carry the finest buds in SoCal! Our menu gets updated daily! http://www.gworks.orguser/7966610	Born in France, educated in England, mother is American, and my father is Italian. I'm a mix of American pragmatism and European savior faire.user/7997431	user/8030314	user/8048539	user/8097384	user/8101815	user/8122400	user/8124265	user/8128648	user/81372	user/815863	user/8160538	user/8183060	user/8186514	Living. Laughing. Loving.... probably somewhere in VA.user/8186781	user/820188	user/8283498	user/8303840	user/8313025	user/832701	user/8333641	user/8340540	user/8341801	user/8363970	user/836617	user/8369596	Manager of Food Distibution Company Cheney Brothersuser/8384756	user/8385071	user/8389519	user/838976	user/8392026	user/8410489	user/8437483	user/8445749	user/8523476	user/8539368	user/8564087	user/8612719	user/8647116	user/8650428	user/8653445	user/8660943	user/8663790	user/8669937	user/8675937	user/8679772	user/868185	user/8683547	user/868418	CEO Alchemy Factory, Vocalize, Sonicuser/8686954	user/8716556	user/8717419	user/8818724	user/88535	user/8881165	user/8894119	user/892115	user/8952300	user/8956327	user/8959360	user/8964341	user/8988850	user/8991629	user/9016608	user/9018128	user/902503	user/9082822	user/9115757	Wine &amp; food snob, who loves her cats &amp; lived a Roma. Meow. I'll steal your mayorship. : Duser/9154369	user/921370	user/92188	user/9226898	user/9238465	user/9257357	user/9261655	user/9263	user/93031	user/9312037	user/9312849	Kicktickets - Buy tickets online for concerts, music, halloween and NYE. Check local nightclub parties and DJ tour dates.user/9326464	user/936664	user/9383346	user/9428908	user/9465081	Live in NYC &amp; love: Music. Photography. Fashion. Retail. Fitness. Technology. +Being Social &amp; Fun.+ www.youtube.com/sephallanmusic IG/FB/Twitter: @SephAllanuser/9481586	user/948429	user/9491846	user/9495949	user/9515782	user/9548953	user/9570997	user/9578440	user/9606512	user/9618553	user/9630760	user/9665863	user/9672598	user/9674821	user/9682986	user/9732233	user/977095	user/977493	user/977740	user/980217	user/9877198	user/9906882	user/9912955	user/9913358	user/9930617	user/9949100	user/996424	user/9966601	user/9987981	usnatarchives	usnavy	This is the official FourSquare account of the United States Navy! Maintained by the Department of the Navy, Office of Information (CHINFO)usopen	Like the official US Open foursquare Page and discover the tennis world around you - both at the US Open and at a local tennis court near you!ussastaffing	Living life with the most amazing woman in the world! Oh, and helping staffing firms succeed.ussoccer	As the governing body of soccer in all its forms, U.S. Soccer has played an integral part in charting the course for the sport in the USA for 100 years.utorrent	uw	The UW is celebrating 150 years! Connect to campus and our community. Together we make history. http://uw.edu/150uwmadison	The official foursquare account of UW-Madison. www.wisc.eduv8supercars	vabeachsunrise	vabeloved	vagabndetroiter	vak1111	vanessasince79	vanessatittle	vanswarpedtour	Join the Vans Warped Tour this summer featuring Paramore, A Day to Remember, 3Oh!3, August Burns Red, Gym Class Heroes, Asking Alexandria, The Devil Wears Prada and over 100 more!  And make sure to check in on foursquare at your show for special offers!vb_funnybone	vboxoffice	vbrown	vegas	Get the most out of Vegas! Check in with foursquare wherever you go and discover cool facts and tips about all of your favorite Vegas spots. http://LasVegas.comvegasbill	vegascom	Got Vegas questions? We're the experts! Rooms. Shows. Tours. Air + Hotel Packages. Golf. Nightclub Passes. And More.vegasgeek	vegasvcard	V Card gives you complimentary VIP admission to the top nightclubs, lounges, bars, day club pools, and strip clubs in Vegas. http://www/vcardlasvegas.comvemma	Vitamins, Essential Minerals, Mangosteen &amp; Aloe. Liquid Antioxidant Goodness and Nutritional Nut.vermellem	vertexfitness	verykristin	Austin-lover, professional writer, and pop culture blogger. http://madbetty.com/vettieroe	vfrandsen	Geek friendly nerdly approvedvh1	TELEVISION FOR THE 99 PERCENTvice	VICE specializes in unabashed depravity and going to places we don't belong.victorcarbonero	victoria0920	victoriabowring	"Not all those that wander are lost." ~J.R.R. Tolkienvictoriafortnum	victoriassecret	Welcome to the sexiest address in the universe! Do you even need an excuse to check in? Victoria's Secret is THE destination for of all things silky, sexy, skimpy and swim-y.victorzinhow	vieser64	I´m It Specilist , I´m argentine and Italian, I live alone , like music , cinema , science and technology, economy and business.vikkivendetta	Metal head. Mommy. Worked in the Chicago pro wrestling Indy scene.viktoriabk	villanovau	Villanova University is a welcoming, caring community of learners who seek to transform both heart and mind in the pursuit of intellectual growth and meaningful change. Whether you’re a Villanovan, aspire to be one, or are just visiting campus, we welcome you to explore our unique community—the Nova Nation—in a new way. Explore Villanova on Foursquare to engage with friends and colleagues, discover the best hangouts, and discover what makes Villanova unique.   Ignite Change. Go Nova.vincewilcox	vinnyfureels	Resident Instructor and Improviser at DSI Comedy Theater.vintageandmoore	Seattle. Fashion. Foodie. Vintage. Cool, unique, geeky or cheeky. Sparkly, shiny or simply stunning. Whimsical. Connoisseur. DIY addict. Mom. Small Biz Owner.vintagejohnny	vinvickery	www.virginiavickery.comvioletmae	viperdayle	virginamerica	visionmediamktg	visitcedarhill	I go all over Cedar Hill and check in. Come follow me on Twitter and Facebook:  http://twitter.com/visitcedarhill  http://Facebook.com/visitcedarhillvisitflorida	Follow us &amp; check in to discover tips &amp; cool places in the Sunshine State! Check out www.VISITFLORIDA.com for trip ideas to help you plan your next vacation!visitpa	The Keystone State invites you to check-in and explore PA. Go to visitPA.com, our official tourism website and start roadtripping!visitphilly	vitalsmartsnews	vitaminwater_ca	hey! you found us :) from now on, vitaminwater will give you the skinny on our favourite events, hangouts and stompin grounds across the country. we'll likely be there, showing off our deliciousness and hydrating the crowds, so you should totally come check us out!    you know that band you really really really want to see? us too! and we know where it's at! or that festival that has a liger in attendance? probably doesn't exist, but if it did, we'd be there!    not to mention we'll tell you where the vitaminwater street team is trolling so you can come hang with us - we'll be sure to have a cold vitaminwater waiting for you.    so follow, check-in &amp; listen. or watch. or do whatever. as long as you stay hydrated with the original vitaminwater, we're h a double p why.vivalsvgs	vivowang	vladimirlarose	The best there is and the best there ever will be. Crew Member Dunkin' Donutsvlondonescorts	vmartinez8260	vms_washington	vnl	Quit my job to follow some dreams and find out what the world needs and how I can contribute. Formerly Audi, Nike, 72andSunny, Red Bull. Twitter/Instagram: @VNLvnutter2005	vocus	Used by 16,000 + organizations worldwide, Vocus provides leading cloud-based public relations and marketing software. Vocus also owns PRWeb, HARO, &amp; iContact.vogueandcoffee	vojacque	volarymusic	volcom_ent	Rocking hard since 1995, Volcom Entertainment takes you out on the road with our picks for the best venues, bars and upcoming shows in your city!vstonevibes	vvpreetham	walgreens	wallpapermag	Intelligent and influential, Wallpaper* is the world’s most important design and lifestyle magazine brand. On Foursquare we publish highlights from our travels.wallyparksea	walmarthub	wanawin	wannabesocial	WannaBeSocial? Is a Social Media Management company who specializes in social media marketing and reputation management. We assist small business owners to Musicians in the Entertainment Industry with their social media. We take the tedious work off your hands as well help coach you in maintaining an effective social media marketing strategy. We know how important time is and sometimes we spend way to much time on the non money making activities. We are here to help you shine and maintain a positive online presence.warrenss	warrenwhitlock	Social Media Expert, blogger, speaker and author of the first book about Twitter and "ProfitableSocialMedia.com Business Results Without Playing Games"washcaps	wasimpatel1	waydavis	waylonn9	waynesutton	👨🏾‍💻 #techinclusion #tech #entrepreneur  🏍 #DucatiScrambler #motorcycle 📸 #travel #adventure #photography   🤔#mentalhealth ❤️ @changecatalystsweblorikeam	weddingpr	Los Angeles based public relations firm, Be Inspired PR is a boutique agency specializing in targeted marketing and public relations for the wedding industry. We assist with branding, promoting, and securing top level media placements for our clients on a local, regional, and  national level. By employing the power of the media, we create the credible, positive images and brand recognition that ignites growth and sustains momentum.wedgelee	weedmaps	WeedMaps.com is a community where medical marijuana patients connect with other patients in their geographic region to freely discuss and review local cannabis co-operatives, dispensaries, medical doctors and delivery services!  Dispensaries and Doctors can list their services for FREE. Patients can register for FREE.wef	The World Economic Forum is an independent international organization committed to improving the state of the world. Best known for the Annual Meeting in Davos, Switzerland the Forum organizes half a dozen regional meetings around the globe. We'll be posting tips for venues at our events.wehearthawaii	weirdcoupons	The Austin app with coupons from Austin-born businesses ONLY. Download our app to discover &amp; save at the coolest joints ATX has to offer.wellandgoodnyc	wendylpc	wendymonday	weslyons	westondesignvt	westwordstreet	wetextdog	wetherhaven	John Inman Dialogue designs containers for, convenes, and hosts transformative conversations. Part of Predictive Index Worldwide (PIWW) and Predictive Groupwezg	DJ Producer @ShuffleArtists  @KryKey  @DocHouseMusic  http://soundcloud.com/wezg http://facebook.com/djwezgshuffle http://pinterest.com/wezg/wez-g-dj-mixeswheart6	whisenhunt	whiskeybluela	whistlerblckcmb	Check in at more than 60 on-mountain restaurants, chairlifts and ski runs to earn the official Whistler Blackcomb Shred Head Badge.whitehouse	whitneygenea08	God, Mia, Music, loving my Life. I want to help change the world.whitneyjayne	whitneymeers	Popular with my parents.whitneymuseum	The Whitney Museum houses one of the world's foremost collections of contemporary American art.whitneysays	whizhouse	who	This is the foursquare page of the World Health Organization (WHO), the United Nations' health agency.wholefoods	whosthekoss	wil0520	williambaobean	williambeutler	williammullin	willy_wopper	C.E.O. of an IT company based in New Zealand with  branches  in Australia and the  UK and a sailing enthusiast.wilso208	windowslive	windowsphone	Welcome to Window Phone's official Foursquare page! Follow us for cool tips, check-in to Windows Phone events, and unlock the official "I Love Windows Phone" badge.  Look for official Windows Phone events on this page. Simply show off your badge to a Windows Phone rep at an official event event and be eligible to win some awesome swag (while supplies last). You must physically be present at these events to qualify.wineenthusiast	wingless92	winkleman	wintacoma	wjasong	wmag	wolfgangbuzz	womenshealthmag	Your ultimate guide to looking and feeling great. We'll bring you the latest in health, fitness, sex, beauty and more!woodychandler	Pittsburgh Sports Fan, Movie Buff, Beer Pest, USN (Ret.)wooong	woot	worldwidewaddie	I work hard to play harder.writetolive	Just a gal living in fabulous Nashville. Corporate mar/comm professional, voice-over talent, actress, juggler of stuff. Lover of dogs n' daisies.writingbymatt	/// Creator ///wryanturner	wsj	wwbaker3	xgames	xosweetpeaxo	_xv	xxjulia1207xx	yama	yanceyu	yancyscot	yankeemeginphl	yankees	yaratnam	yayishbecca	yeezybabyy_	yejnes	yoavlurie	yodspica	Business Information Technology, Digital Marketing Social Media, Windows Apps Development, Software Cloud Computing How May We Help You?yogaarmy	Producer, Filmmaker, Social Media Consultant, Disruptive Asset, Brand Ambassador, Organic Gardener #Fashion CEO #GlutenFree #Luminous #80s #Rocker #TheInsideryonifreedhoff	yoplaityogurt	Yoplait, the same yogurt that offers great taste variety, now also offers a variety of tips on foursquare.  First up, a campaign this fall aimed at saluting the strong and stylish New York woman.  Like New York women, Yoplait Original yogurt comes in many different flavors (all of them fabulous), and now with 50% Daily Value of calcium and vitamin D in every cup, Yoplait Original can also help them maintain strong bones.   From shopping, to yoga to brunch -- check out our tips for Yoplait recommended hot spots around New York City!  Also this fall, Yoplait is helping California families celebrate their strong family traditions and make new memories, by providing tips for fun and educational activities families can do together. Check out our tips to see how you can keep your family California Strong.yotsechan	youngowen	Knight Professor of Digital Media Strategy, Medill / Northwestern. In pursuit of the next miracle.your_bieber22	your_team	youtern	Through high-impact internships, YouTern connects emerging talent with dynamic start-ups, change-oriented nonprofits and passionate entrepreneurs.yubbie007	yuffie1972	Artist, Creative Entrepreneur,Social Marketing Experiencesyzglnc	İnstagram: essrayzglnczachward	comedian @DSIcomedy and #HealthyDad. consultant. corporate trainer. emcee. event producer. I make your project AWESOME.zagat	We're excited to bring the enthusiastic Foursquare community together with ZAGAT's dining expertise. Now Foursquare users can benefit from official ZAGAT tips.zaharoff	Designer of Luxury Menswear &amp; Accessories, Creative Director Zaharoff fashion brand: 110 E Oak St, Chicago, select Nordstrom &amp; others. http://zaharoff.comzaibatsu	zephoria	zero6s1d9	zinan76	zinfiend	Wine, beer, cheese, geography, and weather geekzipcar	A community of folks who've found out that car sharing beats the heck outta car ownership.zjjtrans	zkfoster	zoepoundenttr_j	Private Pilot instructor from Miami Florida.zouff	zyuu	